['Set in a dystopian future, a woman is forced to live as a concubine under a fundamentalist theocratic dictatorship.', 'A religion-based autocracy has taken over most of the United States, renaming the country Gilead. In this country women are second-class citizens. Anyone trying to escape is punished. One such person is June, who is captured while trying to escape with her husband and child and is sentenced to be a handmaid, bearing children for childless government officials. As a handmaid, June is renamed Offred. This is her story.::grantss', "The Handmaid's Tale is the story of life in the dystopia of Gilead, a totalitarian society in what was the United States. Gilead is ruled by a fundamentalist regime that treats women as property of the state, and is faced with environmental disasters and a plummeting birth rate. In a desperate attempt to repopulate a devastated world, the few remaining fertile women are forced into sexual servitude. One of these women, Offred, is determined to survive the terrifying world she lives in, and find the daughter that was taken from her.::Jwelch5742", 'Posterior to a worldwide fertility crisis, an extremist theocratic religious organization takes control of the United States government, suspending the constitution and forcing women into state sanctioned rape. Separated from her daughter and her husband, Protagonist June Osborne must learn to survive in this oppressive regime.::sleemoly']
['Far in a dystopian future, the human race has lost the sense of sight, and society has had to find new ways to interact, build, hunt, and to survive. All of that is challenged when a set of twins are born with sight.']
['A Street Kid trying to survive in a technology and body modification-obsessed city of the future. Having everything to lose, he chooses to stay alive by becoming an Edgerunner, a Mercenary outlaw also known as a Cyberpunk.']
["An anthology series exploring a twisted, high-tech multiverse where humanity's greatest innovations and darkest instincts collide.", 'Set in a world only minutes from our own, "Black Mirror", a UK and USA non-hosted anthology series; unveils how modern technologies can backfire and be used against their makers, every episode set in a slightly different reality with different characters combating different types of technologies. The series ran from 2011 until 2019.::Updated', "Over the last ten years, technology has transformed almost every aspect of our lives before we've had time to stop and question it. In every home; on every desk; in every palm - a plasma screen; a monitor; a smartphone--a black mirror of our 21st Century existence. Black Mirror is a contemporary British anthology series with stories that tap into the collective unease about our modern world.::ahmetkozan"]
["The origin story of Alfred Pennyworth, a former special-forces soldier living in London and how he came to work for Bruce Wayne's father."]
['After his hometown is destroyed and his mother is killed, young Eren Jaeger vows to cleanse the earth of the giant humanoid Titans that have brought humanity to the brink of extinction.', 'Humans are nearly exterminated by giant creatures called Titans. Titans are typically several stories tall, seem to have no intelligence, devour human beings and, worst of all, seem to do it for the pleasure rather than as a food source. A small percentage of humanity survived by walling themselves in a land protected by extremely high walls, even taller than the biggest of titans. Flash forward to the present, and mankind has not seen a titan in over 100 years. One day, 10 year old Eren and his foster sister Mikasa witness something horrific as the city walls are destroyed by a colossal titan that appears out of thin air. As the smaller titans flood the city, the two kids watch in horror as their mother is eaten alive. Eren vows that he will murder every single titan and take revenge for all of mankind.', 'Set in a fantasy world, mankind is driven to the brink of extinction by mindless, man-eating giants known as Titans. In defense, all of humanity retreated to a civilisation contained within three concentric 50-meter Walls: Maria, Rose, and Sina. In the year 845, after nearly a century of relative peace within the walls, a 60-meter "Colossal" Titan materialised at and destroyed the outermost gate, ushering in hoards of smaller Titans. Witnessing the fullness of the Titan horror first-hand, a young and tenacious Eren Jaeger vows to rid the world of all Titans and win back freedom for mankind. He is joined by his adoptive sister, Mikasa Ackerman and their friend, Armin Arlert as they set out to fulfill this shared dream.::Alora McCartney', '2000 years from now, the human race is nearly exterminated by mindless, man-eating giants known as Titans. In a last ditch attempt to live, a small percentage of humanity survived by walling themselves in a city protected by extremely high walls, even taller than the biggest of Titans. Flash forward to the present and the city has not seen a titan in over 100 years having a century of uneasy peace. But the walls of the city cannot hold forever.::GrimFaceJoey', 'A threat has befallen humanity as "Titans" appeared out of nowhere and started devouring one person after another. In an attempt to defend and rebuild humanity humans have been forced to live in a small section of the world where three different districts were created and each district has a large wall surrounding each in hopes of preventing the "Titans" from coming through but hopes and attempts were futile as the "Titans" penetrated two of the great walls and one infiltrated the third by posing as a human.::J. Marin']
["A team of explorers travel through a wormhole in space in an attempt to ensure humanity's survival.", "Earth's future has been riddled by disasters, famines, and droughts. There is only one way to ensure mankind's survival: Interstellar travel. A newly discovered wormhole in the far reaches of our solar system allows a team of astronauts to go where no man has gone before, a planet that may have the right environment to sustain human life.::ahmetkozan", "In the near future around the American Midwest, Cooper, an ex-science engineer and pilot, is tied to his farming land with his daughter Murph and son Tom. As devastating sandstorms ravage Earth's crops, the people of Earth realize their life here is coming to an end as food begins to run out. Eventually stumbling upon a N.A.S.A. base near Cooper's home, he is asked to go on a daring mission with a few other scientists into a wormhole because of Cooper's scientific intellect and ability to pilot aircraft unlike the other crew members. In order to find a new home while Earth decays, Cooper must decide to either stay, or risk never seeing his children again in order to save the human race by finding another habitable planet.::jmvd8", 'A team of explorers must find the human race a new home after Earth is struck with worldwide food shortages and corn is the most valuable food. Utilizing a mysterious wormhole, they explore strange new worlds and could find a home to save the human race.', 'Murphy\'s law suggests that "whatever can go wrong, will go wrong." This movie plays with the idea of space exploration, time, and gravity, as Earth and the human race is on the verge of extinction. N.A.S.A.\'s last hope looks to Coop, Brand, Romilly, and TARS under the direction of Professor Brand to search for answers in the deepest corners of space while dealing with Murphy\'s Law. Coop leaves behind his family in search of new horizons as Writer, Producer, and Director Christopher Nolan explores the eternal bonds of love between a father and his daughter.', "In Earth's future, a global crop blight and second Dust Bowl are slowly rendering the planet uninhabitable. Professor Brand, a brilliant N.A.S.A. physicist, is working on plans to save mankind by transporting Earth's population to a new home via a womhole. But first, Brand must send former N.A.S.A. pilot Cooper and a team of researchers through the wormhole and across the galaxy to find out which of three planets could be mankind's new home.::Jwelch5742"]
['An insomniac office worker and a devil-may-care soap maker form an underground fight club that evolves into much more.', 'A nameless first person narrator (Edward Norton) attends support groups in attempt to subdue his emotional state and relieve his insomniac state. When he meets Marla (Helena Bonham Carter), another fake attendee of support groups, his life seems to become a little more bearable. However when he associates himself with Tyler (Brad Pitt) he is dragged into an underground fight club and soap making scheme. Together the two men spiral out of control and engage in competitive rivalry for love and power.::Rhiannon', "A young man leads a pretty humdrum life assessing car crashes to determine if his automobile company should issue recalls to fix problems. He also suffers from insomnia and takes to attending group therapy sessions for people who have survived various diseases. There he meets Marla who like him attends these sessions though she is neither a victim nor a survivor. His life changes when he meets Tyler Durden on a flight home. Tyler seems to be everything that he's not and together they create a men-only group for bare-knuckle fighting. It soon becomes all the rage with fight clubs springing up across the country and the group itself becoming an anti-capitalist domestic terrorist organization. Tyler and Marla develop a relationship leaving him often on the outside of what is going on. He soon finds that the group is out of control and after a major self-revelation decides there is only one way out.::garykmcd", 'An insomniac unnamed narrator needs a fantasy to escape from his deadly boring life, he tries joining a cancer support group however the only thing they do in the group is cry into each others chest, but then he is on a plane on his way back from what a viewer would assume is a business trip our unnamed narrator encounters Tyler Durden, a soap selling bad-ass who happens to run a secret fight club in the diner parking lot with his friend who follows 8 simple rules set out by Tyler, our unnamed narrator of course is taken into this scheme ran by Tyler.::ahmetkozan', 'Posing as a pitiful sufferer during fruitless late-night sessions in highly addictive support groups for terminal illnesses, an unhappy insomniac struggles to find meaning in his mundane and dysfunctional existence. Then, a fateful encounter with the anarchist philosopher and travelling soap salesman, Tyler Durden, changes his life, as--for the first time in a long while--the bored white-collar worker reconnects with his inner self. Much to his surprise, the formerly depressed loner finds himself deriving pleasure out of pain through bare-knuckle brawls in the Fight Club: an underground society of men who yearn to free themselves from the fetters of a cruel modern life. Now, he is ready to wage war. Are violence and freedom the two sides of the same coin?::Nick Riganas', "Sick of his dead-end corporate career and disgusted with the empty consumer culture, a young man (Norton) and his devious friend (Pitt) create a new club where young men come to relieve their frustrations by beating each other to a pulp. A box office flop upon its initial theatrical release, the film quickly found a following on home video and became one of the key zeitgeist-defining films of '90s.", "A young urban professional who works for a major car manufacturer can't sleep. Although he doesn't have any of the associated afflictions, he stumbles across support groups as a means to let out whatever emotions he is feeling, which in turn allows him to sleep. But the use of these support groups is ruined when he meets a young woman named Marla Singer, who is also going to all these support group meetings. Because he knows she too is not afflicted with any of the maladies for which the groups exist, her presence has lessened the impact of the stories he hears. His life changes when he meets a soap manufacturer named Tyler Durden, who in many ways is the antithesis of the insomniac. Due to unusual circumstances with his own condo, the insomniac moves in with Tyler, who lives in a large dilapidated house in an otherwise abandoned part of town. After a bit of spontaneous roughhousing with Tyler in a bar parking lot, the insomniac finds it becomes a ritual between the two of them, which helps him cope with the other more difficult aspects of his life. The fights also attract a following, others who not only want to watch but join in. Understanding that there are other men like them, the insomniac and Tyler begin a secret fight club. As the fight club's popularity grows, so does its scope in all aspects. Marla becomes a circle not specifically of the fight clubs but of Tyler and the insomniac's collectives lives. As the nature of the fight clubs becomes out of control in the insomniac's view, the insomniac's life, in association, is one where he no longer understands what is happening around him, or how he can get out of it without harming himself.::Huggo"]
["After the devastating events of Avengers: Infinity War (2018), the universe is in ruins. With the help of remaining allies, the Avengers assemble once more in order to reverse Thanos' actions and restore balance to the universe.", "After the devastating events of Avengers: Infinity War (2018), the universe is in ruins due to the efforts of the Mad Titan, Thanos. With the help of remaining allies, the Avengers must assemble once more in order to undo Thanos's actions and undo the chaos to the universe, no matter what consequences may be in store, and no matter who they face...", "The grave course of events set in motion by Thanos, that wiped out half the universe and fractured the Avengers ranks, compels the remaining Avengers to take one final stand in Marvel Studios' grand conclusion to twenty-two films - Avengers: Endgame.", 'After half of all life is snapped away by Thanos, the Avengers are left scattered and divided. Now with a way to reverse the damage, the Avengers and their allies must assemble once more and learn to put differences aside in order to work together and set things right. Along the way, the Avengers realize that sacrifices must be made as they prepare for the ultimate final showdown with Thanos, which will result in the heroes fighting the biggest battle they have ever faced.::Blazer346', 'Catastrophe. Confusion. Loss. The overwhelming devastation caused by the mad Titan Thanos has left what remains of the Avengers reeling. For a while, all hope seems lost...until an opportunity to reverse the damage is presented. Now, the team must assemble once more and do whatever it takes to restore the universe and bring those they lost back.', 'Catastrophe. Confusion. Loss. The overwhelming devastation caused by the mad Titan Thanos has left what remains of the Avengers reeling. For a while, all hope seems lost...until an opportunity to reverse the damage is presented. Now, the team must assemble once more and do whatever it takes to restore the universe and bring those they lost.::niteshcongreja']
["Young Blade Runner K's discovery of a long-buried secret leads him to track down former Blade Runner Rick Deckard, who's been missing for thirty years.", 'Thirty years after the events of Blade Runner (1982), a new Blade Runner, L.A.P.D. Officer "K" (Ryan Gosling), unearths a long-buried secret that has the potential to plunge what\'s left of society into chaos. K\'s discovery leads him on a quest to find Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford), a former L.A.P.D. Blade Runner, who has been missing for thirty years.::Warner Bros. Pictures', "Los Angeles, 2049. With the idealistic scientist Niander Wallace now in control of the powerful Tyrell Corporation, the innovative, bio-engineered Nexus-9 replicants seem to have integrated into society. Now, the outdated Nexus models are a threat to the community. As a result, the new generation of bounty hunters is on a mission to eradicate the rebellious androids. And before long, LAPD's officer K stumbles upon a dangerous, well-hidden secret. Little by little, as K tries to connect the dots and piece the evidence together, he realises one man is the crucial element of this mystery: Rick Deckard, the long-lost Blade Runner (1982). But is K allowed to uncover the truth?::Nick Riganas", 'Rick Deckard has vanished. The notorious Blade Runner has been missing since 2019 when he and Rachael escaped from the authorities, and in the process, also avoided the economic and social downfalls of the early 2020s. It\'s now 2049. Replicants are now closer to humans than ever before, and Blade Runners are still used to "retire" the older models that went into hiding from the notorious "Blackout" of 2022. In Deckard\'s place, "K" has taken the mantle of Los Angeles\' top Blade Runner. However, his world turns upside down when he discovers a box.::Johnny', '2049. It\'s been approximately two decades since the Tyrell Corporation, the creators and original manufacturers of replicants (bioengineered superhumans), went bankrupt, a new generation of replicants manufactured by industrialist Niander Wallace who saved the world with his replicants in establishing synthetic farming in light of collapsing natural ecosystems. While the replicants of the Tyrell era are now outlawed in they having violently rebelled, they "retired" (aka destroyed) by blade runners, the Wallace era replicants, which have been programmed to obey, are seen as necessary to society. Many current day blade runners are Wallace era replicants. K, short for his serial number KD6-3.7, is one such blade runner working for the LAPD under Lieutenant Joshi. On one of his assignments, K discovers what he believes are human remains, but on forensic examination are actually the remains of a female replicant who has signs of having given birth during her life, presumably to a human baby. Joshi, fearing the worst of what this finding actually means and it getting into the wrong hands, orders K to discover and destroy any evidence of this finding, which includes locating the baby, probably now grown, and destroying him/her. As K discovers some further evidence to this story concerning his own history (each replicant which is implanted with a manufactured and thus not real history), K begins to suspect that this story may be a little more than just a professional assignment to him and which may jeopardize his future beyond that information getting into the wrong hands with which he will also have to deal.::Huggo']
["Katniss Everdeen voluntarily takes her younger sister's place in the Hunger Games: a televised competition in which two teenagers from each of the twelve Districts of Panem are chosen at random to fight to the death.", "In a dystopian future, the totalitarian nation of Panem is divided into 12 districts and the Capitol. Each year two young representatives from each district are selected by lottery to participate in The Hunger Games. Part entertainment, part brutal retribution for a past rebellion, the televised games are broadcast throughout Panem. The 24 participants are forced to eliminate their competitors while the citizens of Panem are required to watch. When 16-year-old Katniss' young sister, Prim, is selected as District 12's female representative, Katniss volunteers to take her place. She and her male counterpart, Peeta, are pitted against bigger, stronger representatives, some of whom have trained for this their whole lives.::Suzanne Collins", 'Set in a future North America known as "Panem", the Capitol selects a boy and a girl between the ages of 12 and 18 from each of the twelve outlying districts to compete in the annual "Hunger Games", a televised fight-to-the-death. The film is centered around Katniss Everdeen - a 16-year-old girl from District 12, who volunteers for her 12-year-old sister, Prim, when Prim\'s name is chosen - and Katniss\'s fellow District 12 tribute, Peeta Mellark, with whom she has some rather dramatic history. Katniss is then rushed to the Capitol, where she undergoes intense training before being thrust into the arena to fight to become the victor of the seventy-fourth annual Hunger Games.::fallgeek', 'In order to control future rebellions by remembering the past rebellion, the Powers That Be of the dystopian society of Panem force two youngsters from each of the twelve districts to participate in The Hunger Games. The rules are very simple: the twenty-four players must kill each other and survive in the wilderness until only one remains. The games are broadcast through the Capital and the twelve districts to entertain and intimidate the population. In District 12, teenager Katniss Everdeen is a great hunter and archer. When her younger sister, Primrose Everdeen, is selected as one of the "tributes" of their district, Katniss volunteers to take her place in the games. Together with Peeta Mellark, they head by train to the Capital to be prepared for the brutal game.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil']
["In the future, a sadistic gang leader is imprisoned and volunteers for a conduct-aversion experiment, but it doesn't go as planned.", 'Protagonist Alex DeLarge is an "ultraviolent" youth in futuristic Britain. As with all luck, his eventually runs out and he\'s arrested and convicted of murder. While in prison, Alex learns of an experimental program in which convicts are programmed to detest violence. If he goes through the program, his sentence will be reduced and he will be back on the streets sooner than expected. But Alex\'s ordeals are far from over once he hits the streets of Britain..::Nikki Carlyle', 'In a near-futuristic society, late teen Alex DeLarge is the leader of a gang of thugs - his "droogs" - who commit acts of ultra-violence, often with sexual components, without any regard for their victims, and purely because it strikes their collective fancies. These acts are largely fueled by drug use. In addition, Alex is a lover of music, especially that of Ludwig van Beethoven, which, when he listens to it during these acts, intensifies his pleasure, and in turn inspires him to commit further such acts. He does not tolerate any challenge to his leadership by his droogs. Although the authorities in general know of Alex\'s delinquency, they have so far been unable to catch him in the act of his crimes, until one night after a sexual assault of an older woman. Alex, and Alex alone is charged, convicted and incarcerated. But Alex sees what he believes is an easy way out when the government looks for subjects to participate in a new rehabilitation therapy, the end result being release from prison after the two week therapy. The therapy ends up having consequences that Alex did not envision. The questions become how Alex will function, and how others will act toward him in his changed state.::Huggo', "In the future, the violent and psychopath delinquent Alex, leader of a gang of ultra-violent criminal teenagers who kill, steal and rape, falls into the hands of the police. Arrested, he receives the option to participate in a program developed by the government that can reduce his time in jail. Alex turns guinea pig for experiments intended to curb the destructive impulses of men and solve the society's crime problems, but ends up becoming powerless to deal with the violence that surrounds him.::MadMovieManiac", "Sentenced to fourteen years in prison after an unrestrained life of sex, violence, and murder in the mean streets of futuristic Britain, the Ludwig van Beethoven-lover and leader of an anarchic quartet of thugs, Alex DeLarge, is about to get a dose of his own medicine. As a result, after two long years in jail, the once-swaggering juvenile delinquent gets the chance to earn his freedom, by taking part in the government's experimental de-conditioning program that promises to flush one's harmful anti-social tendencies out of his mind. However, sometimes, the cure is worse than the disease. Will the new and improved Alex fit in the world he had a hand in creating?::Nick Riganas", 'In a futuristic Britain, a gang of teenagers go on the rampage every night, beating and raping helpless victims. After one of the boys quells an uprising in the gang, they knock him out and leave him for the police to find. He agrees to try "aversion therapy" to shorten his jail sentence. When he is eventually released, he hates violence, but the rest of his gang members are still after him.::Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com>']
["Harry, Ron, and Hermione search for Voldemort's remaining Horcruxes in their effort to destroy the Dark Lord as the final battle rages on at Hogwarts.", "Harry (Daniel Radcliffe), Ron (Rupert Grint), and Hermione (Emma Watson) continue their quest of finding and destroying Voldemort's (Ralph Fiennes') three remaining Horcruxes, the magical items responsible for his immortality. But as the mystical Deathly Hallows are uncovered, and Voldemort finds out about their mission, the biggest battle begins, and life as they know it will never be the same again.::Jordan", "Harry (Daniel Radcliffe), Ron (Rupert Grint), and Hermione (Emma Watson) continue to find the rest of Voldemort's (Ralph Fiennes') Horcruxes, until Harry discovers that one is at Hogwarts, they flee there as soon as possible, but Voldemort instantly finds out about their mission. The battle is drawn at Hogwarts as many people fight to protect Harry. Harry then realizes that people are dying constantly for his mistakes and then eventually fights Voldemort for the last time. Along the way, crucial secrets are unravelled, and the mysterious, but legendary, Deathly Hallows reappear.", "Harry, Ron and Hermione's search for the last few Horcruxes continues. But when Voldemort finds out about their mission, the trio find that they must return to Hogwarts. Now the battle lines are drawn between the forces of good and evil to decide the fate of the Wizarding world. But as secrets are revealed and the mysterious Deathly Hallows are uncovered, Harry discovers that he will need to make the ultimate sacrifice as he is in for the fight of his life while facing Lord Voldemort one final time.::Blazer346"]
['When the creator of a virtual reality called the OASIS dies, he makes a posthumous challenge to all OASIS users to find his Easter Egg, which will give the finder his fortune and control of his world.', 'In the year 2045, the real world is a harsh place. The only time Wade Watts (Tye Sheridan) truly feels alive is when he escapes to the OASIS, an immersive virtual universe where most of humanity spends their days. In the OASIS, you can go anywhere, do anything, be anyone--the only limits are your own imagination. The OASIS was created by the brilliant and eccentric James Halliday (Mark Rylance), who left his immense fortune and total control of the Oasis to the winner of a three-part contest he designed to find a worthy heir. When Wade conquers the first challenge of the reality-bending treasure hunt, he and his friends--The High Five--are hurled into a fantastical universe of discovery and danger to save the OASIS.::Warner Bros.', 'In the year 2045, on his deathbed James Halliday, the creator of a wildly-popular virtual reality utopia known as the OASIS, begins a hunt for his fortune and ownership of the whole VRMMO world with puzzles and riddles based on Halliday\'s obsession with pop culture of decades past. After years of searching for Halliday\'s "Easter Egg," one average teenager named Wade Watts solves the first clue, sparking excitement and hope back to the hunt, and throwing him into a world of people willing to kill for the information he has, changing his life forever.::ahmetkozan', 'In a not-so-distant and gloomy 2045, the late James Halliday\'s parallel virtual universe euphemistically called the "Oasis", alleviates the burden of a depressing daily life, with millions of online users preferring the vast and colourful cyberworld over their dystopian reality. As anyone can be anything he desires within the Oasis, the dedicated gamer, Wade Watts--or, better yet, Parzival, after his avatar--is obsessed with finding an elusive Easter Egg hidden meticulously inside the code, to inherit not only an immense fortune but also the game\'s total control. Three trials, three keys, a cut-throat competition, and an army of professional no-joke players who only want the same thing. Can Wade pull off a surprising victory?::Nick Riganas', 'In 2045, people seek regular escape from life through the virtual reality entertainment universe OASIS, co-created by James Halliday and Ogden Morrow of Gregarious Games. After Halliday\'s death, a recorded message left by his avatar Anorak announces a game, granting ownership of OASIS to the first to find the Golden Easter egg within it, which is locked behind a gate requiring three keys. The contest has lured a number of \'gunters\', or egg hunters, and the interest of Nolan Sorrento, the CEO of Innovative Online Industries (IOI) who seeks to control OASIS himself. IOI uses a number of indentured servants and employees called "Sixers" to find the egg.']
['When a beautiful stranger leads computer hacker Neo to a forbidding underworld, he discovers the shocking truth--the life he knows is the elaborate deception of an evil cyber-intelligence.', 'Thomas A. Anderson is a man living two lives. By day he is an average computer programmer and by night a hacker known as Neo. Neo has always questioned his reality, but the truth is far beyond his imagination. Neo finds himself targeted by the police when he is contacted by Morpheus, a legendary computer hacker branded a terrorist by the government. As a rebel against the machines, Neo must confront the agents: super-powerful computer programs devoted to stopping Neo and the entire human rebellion.::redcommander27', "Have you ever had a dream that you were so sure was real? What if you couldn't awaken? How would you know the difference between dream and reality? When a beautiful stranger (Carrie-Anne Moss) leads computer hacker Neo (Keanu Reeves) to a forbidding underworld, he discovers the shocking truth--the life he knows is the elaborate deception of an evil cyber-intelligence. Neo joins legendary and dangerous rebel warrior Morpheus (Laurence Fishburne in the battle to destroy the illusion enslaving humanity.", 'Hooked into the Matrix without even knowing it, an elaborate, omnipresent computer system designed to manipulate free will, reclusive hacker Thomas Anderson, aka Neo, is about to have an eye-opening revelation. And haunted by burning, unspoken questions, Neo crosses paths with leather-clad cyber-rebel Trinity and inspirational leader Morpheus, who claim to hold the answers to the reality of his imprisoned existence. Little by little, as Neo tumbles down the rabbit hole, the shocking truth about an artificial dreamland unfolds, catching the attention of the Agents: sentient programs guarding all the doors. But with people so hopelessly dependent on the system, what will it take to unplug and escape the Matrix?::Nick Riganas', "During the year 1999, a man named Thomas Anderson (also known as Neo), lives an ordinary life. A software techie by day and a computer hacker by night, he sits alone at home by his monitor, waiting for a sign, a signal - from what or whom he doesn't know - until one night, a mysterious woman named Trinity seeks him out and introduces him to that faceless character he has been waiting for: Morpheus. A messiah of sorts, Morpheus presents Neo with the truth about his world by shedding light on the dark secrets that have troubled him for so long.::Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com}"]
['Return to a world of two realities: one, everyday life; the other, what lies behind it. To find out if his reality is a construct, to truly know himself, Mr. Anderson will have to choose to follow the white rabbit once more.', 'Suffering from palpable delusions, burnt-out Thomas Anderson, the award-winning creator of The Matrix (1999) video game series, now relies on potent blue pills to keep his inner demons at bay. Then, amid inexplicable, reality-defying visions, Thomas spots Tiffany, a familiar-looking perfect stranger evoking strange emotions, and his already fragile mental state starts to deteriorate. As Mr Anderson yearns for an explanation while teetering on the brink of depression, once more, he confronts a pressing dilemma and the burden of choice. On the one hand, blissful ignorance guarantees the illusion of safety. On the other hand, the unbearable truth of reality can only mean one thing: the elaborate Matrix goes beyond the limits of imagination. But, somehow, Thomas already knows what he has to do. However, does he want to know how deep the rabbit hole goes?::Nick Riganas']
['In a post-apocalyptic wasteland, a woman rebels against a tyrannical ruler in search for her homeland with the aid of a group of female prisoners, a psychotic worshiper, and a drifter named Max.', "An apocalyptic story set in the furthest reaches of our planet, in a stark desert landscape where humanity is broken, and almost everyone is crazed fighting for the necessities of life. Within this world exist two rebels on the run who just might be able to restore order. There's Max, a man of action and a man of few words, who seeks peace of mind following the loss of his wife and child in the aftermath of the chaos. And Furiosa, a woman of action and a woman who believes her path to survival may be achieved if she can make it across the desert back to her childhood homeland.::Production", 'In the stark desert wasteland populated by a broken humanity driven with survival and the unending ravage for gasoline, a loner named Max finds himself unwantedly caught in the middle of a chase while aiding the heroine Furiosa and her female companions. She struggles to return to her homeland and escape the clutches of a ruthless desert gang leader, Immortal Joe. With the harsh desert sands in front of them and marauders behind, only the maddest will prevail the storm.', "The former policeman Max is captured by the War Boys tribe, commanded by the Immortal Joe and assigned to be blood donor for the Wat Boy Nux who is sick. Meanwhile Imperator Furiosa drives a tank truck to collect gasoline for Joe. However her true intention is to flee from the tyrannical Joe with his five women selected to breed hidden in the truck to her homeland. Immortal Joe commands a party to hunt down Furiosa and Max is chained to Nux's car. Furiosa heads the truck into a sand storm but Nux continues to pursue her. After the storm, Max succeeds to escape from the car and brings Nux chained with him. He sees Furiosa and the five wives and decides to flee in their truck; but there is a secret to operate the truck and he teams up with Furiosa, leaving Nux in the desert. When Joe's gang arrives, they retrieve Nux and follow Furiosa. Will Max and the women succeed in escaping from Joe's gang?::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil", "Years after the collapse of civilization, the tyrannical Immortan Joe enslaves apocalypse survivors inside the desert fortress the Citadel. When the warrior Imperator Furiosa leads the despot's five wives in a daring escape, she forges an alliance with Max Rockatansky, a loner and former captive. Fortified in the massive, armored truck the War Rig, they try to outrun the ruthless warlord and his henchmen in a deadly high-speed chase through the Wasteland.::Jwelch5742", "After a narrow escape in the barren deserts of the dystopian Wasteland, the solitary post-apocalyptic survivor, Max Rockatansky, struggles to stay one step ahead from the water-controlling overlord Immortan Joe's marauding gangs, the Wild Boys. However, Max will soon cross paths with one of Joe's elite lieutenants--the fearless warrior, Imperator Furiosa--who has just fled the Citadel in her heavily armoured War Rig truck, absconding with an irreplaceable quintet of wives. Now, the powerful tyrant and his hordes of delusional zealots are after the unlikely team of Max and Furiosa; however, before the unforgiving Wasteland's deadly immensity, who has what it takes to survive?::Nick Riganas"]
['Two Brooklyn plumbers, Mario and Luigi, must travel to another dimension to rescue a princess from the evil dictator King Koopa and stop him from taking over the world.', "Can you make a movie out of a video game? That's the question that is answered by this film. Mario Mario and Luigi Mario, two hard working plumbers find themselves in an alternate universe where evolved dinosaurs live in medium hi-tech squalor. They find themselves the only hope to save the Earth from invasion.::John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net>", "This is the story of two hard-working Italian plumber brothers named Mario Mario and Luigi Mario, who befriends a young paleontologist named Daisy. She uncovers a massive find of mysterious new dinosaur bones. While exploring the tunnels where dinosaur fossils lay, saboteurs hired by the Mario Bros. rival businessman, Anthony Scapelli, to break some underground pipes. Meanwhile, in a hidden world called Dinohattan, King Koopa's land is running out of water and going through problems so he sends Spike and Iggy to kidnap Daisy! Now the Super Mario Bros. find themselves the only hope to save the Earth from invasion then challenge a diabolical lizard king and they must battle giant reptilian goombas, outwit misfit thugs, and undermine sinister scheme by taking over the world!::Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com>", 'Mario and Luigi, two wacky plumbers, undertake a daring quest to save a princess in Dinohattan -- a hidden world where the inhabitants evolved from dinosaurs! Mario and Luigi face deadly challenges from a diabolical lizard king and must battle giant reptilian goombas, outwit misfit thugs, and undermine a sinister scheme to take over the world!::Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com>']
['In the near future, convicts are offered the chance to volunteer as medical subjects to shorten their sentence. One such subject for a new drug capable of generating feelings of love begins questioning the reality of his emotions.', 'This is set in the near future, when convicts are offered the chance to volunteer as medical subjects in hopes of shortening their sentences. When one prisoner finds himself the test patient for a new pharmaceutical capable of generating feelings of love, he begins questioning the reality of his emotions and sets out to discover the truth.', 'This is set in the not too distant future. Convicted criminals are used as Guinea pigs in the hope that they can get their sentences shortened, by volunteering to take new synthetic drugs that a pharmaceutical company manufactures. This film focuses on pills that are given to such criminals, to make them feel many emotions, but mostly "Love". One particular patient struggles with these feelings and starts to question if it\'s all in his head. And so he starts on a path to get to the truth.']
['After accidentally crash-landing in 2022, time-traveling fighter pilot Adam Reed teams up with his 12-year-old self for a mission to save the future.', "Adam Reed, age 12 and still grieving his father's sudden death the year before, walks into his garage one night to find a wounded pilot hiding there. This mysterious pilot turns out to be the older version of himself from the future, where time travel is in its infancy. He has risked everything to come back in time on a secret mission. Together they must embark on an adventure into the past to find their father, set things right, and save the world. As the three work together, both young and grown Adam come to terms with the loss of their father and have a chance to heal the wounds that have shaped them. Adding to the challenge of the mission, the two Adams discover that they really don't like each other much, and if they are to save the world, first they need to figure out how to get along."]
['In a post-apocalyptic world, a family is forced to live in silence while hiding from monsters with ultra-sensitive hearing.', "In a devastated Earth overrun by invincible predators of a possible extraterrestrial origin, the Abbotts find themselves struggling to survive in the isolation of upstate New York, defined by a new era of utter silence. Indeed, as this new type of invader is attracted to noise, even the slightest of sounds can be deadly; however, it's been already twelve months since the powerful monsters' first sightings, and this resilient family still stands strong. Of course, learning the rules of survival in this muted dystopia is essential; nevertheless, now, of all times, an otherwise joyous event puts in jeopardy the already fragile stability. And now, more than ever, the Abbotts must not make a sound.::Nick Riganas", "The story of the young Abbott family is told starting on day eighty-nine of their ordeal. Unaware if anyone else on Earth is still alive besides them, they have to remain as silent as possible under most circumstances, which means no speaking, to evade deadly and seemingly indestructible armored creatures which track their targets solely by sound and which have led to the Abbotts' solitary existence. This existence is made all the more difficult for eldest offspring Regan in being deaf and thus unable to gauge the issue of sound, which is why father, Lee, is constantly trying to devise ways to upgrade her cochlear implant if only for her survival. Under these circumstances, the family tries as best it can to lead as normal a life as possible with devised safeguards to protect them despite anything that may happen to them potentially to throw them off this routine of mock normalcy and survival. Through this ordeal, they also try to learn as much as they can about the creatures in the hope of someday being able to destroy them to regain their lives. For parents Lee and Evelyn, the first priority is protecting the children at all cost, which the children may not always see or understand especially concerning the day eighty-nine incident.::Huggo"]
['A blade runner must pursue and terminate four replicants who stole a ship in space, and have returned to Earth to find their creator.', 'In the early twenty-first century, the Tyrell Corporation, during what was called the Nexus phase, developed robots, called "replicants", that were supposed to aid society, the replicants which looked and acted like humans. When the superhuman generation Nexus 6 replicants, used for dangerous off-Earth endeavors, began a mutiny on an off-Earth colony, replicants became illegal on Earth. Police units, called "blade runners", have the job of destroying - or in their parlance "retiring" - any replicant that makes its way back to or created on Earth, with anyone convicted of aiding or assisting a replicant being sentenced to death. It\'s now November, 2019 in Los Angeles, California. Rick Deckard, a former blade runner, is called out of retirement when four known replicants, most combat models, have made their way back to Earth, with their leader being Roy Batty. One, Leon Kowalski, tried to infiltrate his way into the Tyrell Corporation as an employee, but has since been able to escape. Beyond following Leon\'s trail in hopes of finding and retiring them all, Deckard believes part of what will help him is figuring out what the replicants wanted with the Tyrell Corporation in trying to infiltrate it. The answer may lie with Tyrell\'s fail-safe backup mechanism. Beyond tracking the four, Deckard faces a possible dilemma in encountering a fifth replicant: Rachael, who works as Tyrell\'s assistant. The issue is that Dr. Elden Tyrell is experimenting with her, to provide her with fake memories so as to be able to better control her. With those memories, Rachael has no idea that she is not human. The problem is not only Rachael\'s assistance to Deckard, but that he is beginning to develop feelings for her.::Huggo', 'Against the backdrop of a dystopian 2019 Los Angeles crammed with towering skyscrapers, bounty hunter Rick Deckard, a grizzled former Blade Runner, is called out of retirement when four rogue Nexus-6 replicants steal a spaceship and enter Earth. As the desperate synthetic humanoids struggle to find their creator, in the meantime, Deckard leaves no stone unturned in the neon-lit metropolis, trying to track down and "retire" the dangerous androids. But more and more, Rick grapples with conflicting emotions. Will he let uncertainty and empathy get in the way of duty?::Nick Riganas', 'In the near future, the police department forces former blade runner Rick Deckard (Ford) out of retirement to hunt four genetically engineered humans who have escaped the colonies and returned to Earth. Designed to do difficult, hazardous work, the manufactured humans are stronger, faster and smarter than non-engineered humans.', 'In a cyberpunk vision of the future, man has developed the technology to create replicants - humanoid androids with short, fixed lifespans - which are illegal on Earth, but are used in the off-world colonies. In Los Angeles, California, 2019, Deckard is a "blade runner", a cop who specializes in terminating replicants. He is forced to come out of retirement when four replicants escape from an off-world colony and come to Earth.::Graeme Roy <gsr@cbmamiga.demon.co.uk>', 'Los Angeles, California, 2019: Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford) of the L.A.P.D.\'s Blade Runner unit prowls the steel and microchip jungle of the twenty-first century for assumed humanoids known as "replicants". Replicants were declared illegal after a bloody mutiny on an off-world colony, and are to be terminated upon detection. Man\'s obsession with creating a being equal to himself has backfired.::Matt McQuillan <mjment@hotmail.com>']
['In 1985 where former superheroes exist, the murder of a colleague sends active vigilante Rorschach into his own sprawling investigation, uncovering something that could completely change the course of history as we know it.', "It's 1985 in an alternate reality. The Watchmen - comprised of the Comedian, Dr. Manhattan, Nite Owl II, Ozymandias, Rorschach and Silk Spectre II - are a disparate band of masked superheroes, modeled after the Minutemen, who were masked superheroes of a generation earlier, most of who are dead or afflicted by the ravages of life. The Comedian belongs to both groups. Despite the activities of the Watchmen leading to the west winning the Vietnam War which in turn has kept Richard Nixon in the White House, Nixon has now outlawed masks, resulting in the Watchmen disbanding and going into retirement, most hiding their Watchmen past under their human identities. However, the Comedian, in his human persona of Eddie Blake, and Dr. Manhattan - former physicist Jon Osterman who obtained his superhero powers through a scientific accident which almost killed him - now work for the government. Dr. Manhattan's powers in particular have kept a watch over nuclear proliferation, as he is able to stop any nuclear attack. Regardless, the Cold War is at its height with recent Soviet posturing regarding nuclear bomb buildup. In her human persona of Laurie Jupiter, Silk Spectre II is Dr. Manhattan's assistant and lover, as much as they can be in Dr. Manhattan's now non-human state. Meanwhile, Ozymandias has come out to the world as wealthy genius Adrian Veidt, capitalizing on his Ozymandias identity to better the world, and Rorschach continues to work as a vigilante, although one wanted by the law despite he the reason that many criminals are behind bars. When Blake is murdered, Rorschach, as the only one still on the streets, believes the murderer is out to kill all the Watchmen, despite any number of people wanting to kill the Comedian for being a misogynist. Evidence points to it perhaps having something to do with an imminent attempt of nuclear annihilation. Rorschach has to convince his colleagues, who he has not seen since their superhero days, of the validity of his theory for them to come out of retirement, which is no easy task. If they do, which will require them to overcome external forces which seem to be conspiring against them, they will have to discover both who killed the Comedian and why before they befall the same fate as him and/or before the mastermind is able to exact his larger grand plan.::Huggo", 'In a gritty and alternate 1985 the glory days of costumed vigilantes have been brought to a close by a government crackdown, but after one of the masked veterans is brutally murdered, an investigation into the killer is initiated. The reunited heroes set out to prevent their own destruction, but in doing so uncover a sinister plot that puts all of humanity in grave danger.', '"Watchmen" is set in an alternate 1985 America in which costumed superheroes are part of the fabric of everyday society, and the "Doomsday Clock" - which charts the USA\'s tension with the Soviet Union - is permanently set at five minutes to midnight. When one of his former colleagues is murdered, the washed up but no less determined masked vigilante Rorschach sets out to uncover a plot to kill and discredit all past and present superheroes. As he reconnects with his former crime-fighting legion - a ragtag group of retired superheroes, only one of whom has true powers - Rorschach glimpses a wide-ranging and disturbing conspiracy with links to their shared past and catastrophic consequences for the future. Their mission is to watch over humanity... but who is watching the Watchmen?"::T-Hen']
['In a future where mutants are nearly extinct, an elderly and weary Logan leads a quiet life. But when Laura, a mutant child pursued by scientists, comes to him for help, he must get her to safety.', "In 2029 the mutant population has shrunk significantly due to genetically modified plants designed to reduce mutant powers and the X-Men have disbanded. Logan, whose power to self-heal is dwindling, has surrendered himself to alcohol and now earns a living as a chauffeur. He takes care of the ailing old Professor X whom he keeps hidden away. One day, a female stranger asks Logan to drive a girl named Laura to the Canadian border. At first he refuses, but the Professor has been waiting for a long time for her to appear. Laura possesses an extraordinary fighting prowess and is in many ways like Wolverine. She is pursued by sinister figures working for a powerful corporation; this is because they made her, with Logan's DNA. A decrepit Logan is forced to ask himself if he can or even wants to put his remaining powers to good use. It would appear that in the near-future, the times in which they were able put the world to rights with razor sharp claws and telepathic powers are now over.", 'In the not-so-distant 2029, the entire mutant race is almost obliterated, and Logan, the invincible bestial superhero once known as the Wolverine, finds himself getting old, and his incredible healing ability significantly weakened. As an incognito limo driver, Logan does his best to guard and keep out of sight a weary nonagenarian Professor Xavier; however, things will take an unexpected turn when a cryptic woman asks him to transport the young mutant girl, Laura. A better future lies past the Canadian borders for the unaccompanied teenager, but the government is unwilling to let go of its asset so easily. In the end, can the ageing Logan protect both himself and Laura?::Nick Riganas', "In a dystopian 2029, no mutants have been born in 25 years. Logan's healing ability has weakened and he has physically aged. The Adamantium coating on his skeleton has begun to leach into his body, poisoning him. Hiding in plain sight, Logan spends his days working as a limo driver in El Paso, Texas. In an abandoned smelting plant in northern Mexico, he and mutant tracker Caliban care for 90-year-old Charles Xavier, Logan's mentor and founder of the X-Men. Charles, a telepath, has developed a form of dementia that causes him to have seizures unless controlled with medication. It is alluded that a seizure one year prior, releasing a destructive wave of his telepathic powers, had killed seven mutants, thus leaving the three (Logan, Charles, Caliban) as the last of the X-Men."]
['In a dystopian America dominated by Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan, a young woman discovers a mysterious film that may hold the key to toppling the totalitarian regimes.', 'What would it be like if the Allied Powers had lost WWII, and Japan and Germany ruled the United States?::Amazon Studios', 'The Man in the High Castle is a startling depiction of an alternate history as imagined by author Philip K. Dick in his best-selling novel; a world in which Nazi Germany and Japan were victorious in World War II. The year is 1962 and the Axis Powers occupy the United States, where fascism rules and the few surviving Jews hide under assumed names.::ahmetkozan', "It is the year 1962. Having lost World War 2, the United States is now occupied by Germany and Japan. Germany occupies the eastern states and Japan the western, with the Neutral Zone in between. When her sister is killed by the Japanese, Juliana Crain is sucked into the covert, dangerous world of the American Resistance. Opposing her and her comrades are the most ruthless forces the Nazis and Japanese have to offer, lead by Obergruppenfuhrer John Smith of the SS and Chief Inspector Kido of the Kempeitai. The Resistance's greatest hope appears to lie in films which show an alternate reality, a world where the US and its allies won WW2. While largely viewed as propaganda, these films could be more than that. At the centre of the manufacture and distribution of these films is one man, a figurehead in the Resistance: The Man in the High Castle.::grantss"]
['In a future British dystopian society, a shadowy freedom fighter, known only by the alias of "V", plots to overthrow the tyrannical government - with the help of a young woman.', 'In the distant future, Evey Hammond is an average citizen of the United Kingdom, which is under the rule of the fascist and tyrannical Norsefire Party. She is an employee of the state-run British Television Network, but soon, she becomes the number one enemy of the state together with an enigmatic and larger-than-life freedom fighter known only by the letter "V". V informs Evey that she must hide in his underground lair for at least one year, and while she is reluctant to the idea at first, a bond soon forms between the two individuals. In the meanwhile, the mysterious past of V is gradually revealed to the police inspector tasked with capturing him, Eric Finch, and it is not long until he starts questioning everything his government stands for.::goddangwatir', 'Tells the story of Evey Hammond (Natalie Portman) and her unlikely but instrumental part in bringing down the fascist government that has taken control of a futuristic Great Britain. Saved from a life-and-death situation by a man in a Guy Fawkes mask who calls himself "V" (Hugo Weaving), she learns a general summary of V\'s past and, after a time, decides to help him bring down those who committed the atrocities that led to Britain being in the shape that it is in.::ahmetkozan', 'Set against the futuristic landscape of totalitarian Britain, this movie tells the story of a mild-mannered young woman named Evey (Natalie Portman), who is rescued from a life situation by a masked guy known only as "V" (Hugo Weaving). Incomparably charismatic skilled in the art of combat. V detonates two London landmarks and takes over the government, urging his fellow citizens to rise up. As Evey uncovers the truth about V\'s mysterious background, she also discovers the truth about herself and emerges as his unlikely ally in the culmination of his plot to bring freedom and justice back to a society fraught with cruelty and corruption.::Alex W', 'In the not too distant future, Britain is filled with torture cells, unfair punishments, prejudice against minorities. However, in the midst of all this chaos, one man known only by the name V (Hugo Weaving) dares to stand up to the government and is labeled as a terrorist. One night V rescues a mild young woman called Evey Hammond (Natalie Portman), and an unlikely bond between the two emerges which results with Evey becoming Vs ally. But though V may be charismatic and have a passion for justice he also is bitter and has his own personal hatred of the government for something they did to him long ago. As November the 5th, the day V says he and those who will follow him will stand up to the government once and for all approaches, Detective Finch (Stephen Rea) becomes more and more determined to uncover the truth about V, however his search leads him to ask to question whether or not he is on the right side.::x_babyangel', "In this obscure and Gothic tale, one attractive girl, Evey (Natalie Portman), gets involved accidentally in a terrorist attack, perpetrated by a masked and megalomaniac character, V (Hugo Weaving). V is following the same steps of Guy Fawkes, a sort of terrorist of the XVII century, who wanted to blow up the English Parlament in London. However, in present time, the Orwellian London lives under the fascist government of Chancellor Adam (Sir John Hurt), and V will fight against his regime, using the power of powder, blowing up important buildings. Evey will be chased by the Secret Police, thinking that she's the accomplice of V, who will accomplish Fawkes' mission of destroying the Parlament on the 5th of November, in this mixture of The Phantom of the Opera, George Orwell's 1984, and Batman.::Alejandro Frias"]
['An insurance salesman discovers his whole life is actually a reality TV show.', "Since birth, a big fat lie defines the well-organised but humdrum life of the kind-hearted insurance salesman and ambitious explorer, Truman Burbank. Utterly unaware of the thousands of cleverly hidden cameras watching his every move, for nearly three decades, Truman's entire existence pivots around the will and the wild imagination of the ruthlessly manipulative television producer, Christof--the all-powerful TV-God of an extreme 24/7 reality show: The Truman Show. As a result, Truman's picturesque neighbourhood with the manicured lawns and the uncannily perfect residents is nothing but an elaborate state-of-the-art set, and the only truth he knows is what the worldwide television network and its deep financial interests dictate. Do lab rats know they are forever imprisoned?::Nick Riganas", 'Truman is a man whose life is a fake one. The place he lives is, in fact, a big studio with hidden cameras everywhere, and all his friends and people around him, are actors who play their roles in the most popular TV-series in the world: The Truman Show. Truman thinks that he is an ordinary man with an ordinary life and has no idea about how he is exploited. Until one day he finds out everything. Will he react?::Chris Makrozahopoulos <makzax@hotmail.com>', 'Truman Burbank is a normal man, living in a normal town. He grew up to be a desk clerk for a insurance company, living an ordinary life, having an ordinary wife, an ordinary neighbour and an ordinary bud, who pops in from time to time with a sixpack. But Truman is not happy with his life. He wants to see the world. He wants to get away from his happy-happy, ever tidy, nice\'n\'shiny little island town at the seaside. In reality, Truman was an unwanted pregnancy. His "father", Christof, a reckless TV-Producer whom he never met, made up the Truman Show - the greatest show on earth - a show in which life is live. So, everyone around poor Truman is an actor with a little headphone in the ear. One day, Truman accidentally bumps into a catering area backstage and gets pretty suspicious. His plan now is: Pretend to be sleeping and steal away...::Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com>', 'Truman Burbankis happy with his life. He is a successful business man, he has a nice wife and many friends. However, Truman finds his life is getting very repetitive. Actually every moment of his life is being filmed, being watched by millions, and that his world is limited in a small Hollywood film set. Truman decides to follow his discovery no matter how hard and how much it pains him.::Christian', "He's the star of the show--but he doesn't know. Truman Burbank is a man whose life is a nonstop TV show. Truman doesn't realize that his quaint hometown is a giant studio set run by a visionary producer/director/creator, that folks living and working there are Hollywood actors, that even his incessantly bubbly wife is a contract player. Gradually, Truman gets wise. And what he does about his discovery will have you laughing, crying and cheering."]
['In the colorful future, a cab driver unwittingly becomes the central figure in the search for a legendary cosmic weapon to keep Evil and Mr. Zorg at bay.', 'In the twenty-third century, the universe is threatened by evil. The only hope for mankind is the Fifth Element, who comes to Earth every five thousand years to protect the humans with four stones of the four elements: fire, water, Earth and air. A Mondoshawan spacecraft is bringing The Fifth Element back to Earth but it is destroyed by the evil Mangalores. However, a team of scientists use the DNA of the remains of the Fifth Element to rebuild the perfect being called Leeloo. She escapes from the laboratory and stumbles upon the taxi driver and former elite commando Major Korben Dallas that helps her to escape from the police. Leeloo tells him that she must meet Father Vito Cornelius to accomplish her mission. Meanwhile, the Evil uses the greedy and cruel Jean-Baptiste Emanuel Zorg and a team of mercenary Mangalores to retrieve the stones and avoid the protection of Leeloo. But the skilled Korben Dallas has fallen in love with Leeloo and decides to help her to retrieve the stones.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', 'Unbeknownst to him, Korben Dallas--a former special forces commando, and now a mid-twenty-third-century New York City cab driver--finds himself caught in the middle of an aeons-old war when the immaculate being, Leeloo, crashes into his taxi. In search of the perfect weapon that can save humanity from an all-powerful force of pure evil, Korben, Leeloo, and the space-priest, Vito Cornelius, struggle to unearth the mysterious "fifth element", as the scheming industrialist, Zorg, is already after the other four. Now, in the ultimate battle between good and evil, Leeloo seems to hold the key to Earth\'s salvation; however, is the world worth saving?::Nick Riganas', 'For ex-Marine Korben Dallas (Willis), life has become tediously repetitive: he drives a flying cab for a living, and eats take away from the same Chinese restaurant, which delivers directly to his window, every day. But little does Korben know, a great extra-terrestrial Evil has teamed up with Zorg, and threatens to destroy the Earth.', 'Two hundred and fifty years in the future, life as we know it is threatened by the arrival of Evil. Only the Fifth Element can stop the Evil from extinguishing life, as it tries to do every five thousand years. She is assisted by a former elite commando turned cab driver, Korben Dallas, who is, in turn, helped by Prince/Arsenio clone, Ruby Rhod. Unfortunately, Evil is being assisted by Mr. Zorg, who seeks to profit from the chaos that Evil will bring, and his alien mercenaries.::David J. Gannon <dganno01@exch.eds.com>', 'There are cycles in the Universe when great evil threatens all life in the Universe. The Ultimate weapon against evil, devised long ago, is called "The Fifth Element", stored on Earth for safekeeping. When a Professor discovered it in the 1910s, he found it very astonishing. However, a group of beings known as the Monascheiwans came to Earth to take the fifth element for safekeeping, promising to return it in time for the next cycle. In the distant future of the 2200s, the Earth is a very different place, yet much the same. People smoke, break laws, make messes. In the megalopolis of New York City, a former elite commando named Korban Dallas is now a taxi driver. As the Monascheiwans were returning the Fifth Element to Earth to fend of the rising evil, they are destroyed by a ruthless race of beings known as Mangalores. Discovered in the remains of the Monascheiwans\' ship, is a remnant of the Fifth Element, from which they re-create "the perfect being", The Fifth Element, named "Leeloo", who drops in on Korban Dallas in his cab, literally. Dallas keeps her free from government control and brings her to a priest named Vito Cornillius, who, seeing the coming Evil in the prophecies, is attempting to find the Elemental Stones needed to power the Fifth Element. He is getting in the way of a ruthless businessman named Zorg, who is already operating under the sway of Evil.::John Wiggins']
["A human detective and a fairy rekindle a dangerous affair in a Victorian fantasy world, where the city's uneasy peace collapses when a string of murders reveals an unimaginable monster.", 'Orlando Bloom and Cara Delevingne star in "Carnival Row," a Victorian fantasy world filled with mythological immigrant creatures whose rich homelands were invaded by the empires of man. This growing immigrant population struggles to coexist with humans in the grimiest section of the city, forbidden to live, love, or fly with freedom. But even in darkness, hope lives, as a human detective, Rycroft Philostrate, and a refugee faerie named Vignette Stonemoss rekindle a dangerous affair despite an increasingly-intolerant society. Vignette harbors a secret that endangers Philo\'s standing during his most important case yet: a string of gruesome murders threatening the uneasy peace of the Row. As Philo investigates, he reveals a monster no one could imagine.::Amazon Studios']
['In a dystopic and crime-ridden Detroit, a terminally wounded cop returns to the force as a powerful cyborg haunted by submerged memories.', "In a violent, near-apocalyptic Detroit, evil corporation Omni Consumer Products wins a contract from the city government to privatize the police force. To test their crime-eradicating cyborgs, the company leads street cop Alex Murphy into an armed confrontation with crime lord Boddicker so they can use his body to support their untested RoboCop prototype. But when RoboCop learns of the company's nefarious plans, he turns on his masters.::Jwelch5742"]
['A cyborg, identical to the one who failed to kill Sarah Connor, must now protect her ten-year-old son John from a more advanced and powerful cyborg.', "Over 10 years have passed since the first machine called The Terminator tried to kill Sarah Connor and her unborn son, John. The man who will become the future leader of the human resistance against the Machines is now a healthy young boy. However, another Terminator, called the T-1000, is sent back through time by the supercomputer Skynet. This new Terminator is more advanced and more powerful than its predecessor and its mission is to kill John Connor when he's still a child. However, Sarah and John do not have to face the threat of the T-1000 alone. Another Terminator (identical to the same model that tried and failed to kill Sarah Connor in 1984) is also sent back through time to protect them. Now, the battle for tomorrow has begun.::Eric ggg", "In 1995, one long decade after the Terminator's failed assassination mission in The Terminator (1984), a now-ten-year-old John Connor finds himself in foster care, after the imprisonment of his mother, Sarah, at a mental institution. To prevent John from changing the course of history and becoming the leader of the human Resistance Army, the self-aware computer system, Skynet, sends another cybernetic assassin; this time, a nearly indestructible, shape-shifting killer. Now, against the backdrop of an imminent nuclear Armageddon, two unstoppable cyborgs--the antiquated but lethal, T-800, and the far superior, liquid-metal model, T-1000--are after the same vulnerable target. Can Sarah and John avert the coming Judgment Day?::Nick Riganas", 'Nearly 10 years have passed since Sarah Connor was targeted for termination by a cyborg from the future. Now her son, John, the future leader of the resistance, is the target for a newer, more deadly terminator. Once again, the resistance has managed to send a protector back to attempt to save John and his mother Sarah.::Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com>', "Skynet, the 21st century computer waging a losing war on humans sends a second terminator back in time to destroy the leader of the human resistance while he is still a boy. His mother is the only one who knows of the existence of the Terminators, human-like robots that exist only to kill and are nearly indestructible, and Sarah, the boy's mother is currently in a state mental hospital because of her 'delusions'.::John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net>", "It has been about 10 long years since a Terminator failed to kill Sarah Connor and her unborn son, John. Now, Skynet has sent back another Terminator. This one being more advanced than the last one. John Connor, who is now about ten years old, is the target. The future John sends back a replica of the Terminator that tried to kill him back in time to 1994. It's Terminator vs. Terminator.::Ricky Steck (rickysteck@sbcglobal.net)"]
['A wealthy family is held hostage for harboring the target of a murderous syndicate during the Purge, a 12-hour period in which any and all crime is legal.', "In an America wracked by crime and overcrowded prisons, the government has sanctioned an annual 12-hour period in which any and all criminal activity-including murder-becomes legal. The police can't be called. Hospitals suspend help. It's one night when the citizenry regulates itself without thought of punishment. On this night plagued by violence and an epidemic of crime, one family wrestles with the decision of who they will become when a stranger comes knocking. When an intruder breaks into James Sandin's (Ethan Hawke) gated community during the yearly lockdown, he begins a sequence of events that threatens to tear a family apart. Now, it is up to James, his wife, Mary (Lena Headey), and their kids to make it through the night without turning into the monsters from whom they hide.::Universal Pictures", 'In 2022, the United States of America celebrates once a year "The Purge", a 12-hour period when any crime is allowed including murder. The result is economical growth and a society free of homeless, sick and unproductive persons. James Sandin is a successful salesman that sells security systems for houses. He lives with his wife Mary and his teenage son Charlie and daughter Zoey in a fancy house in the suburb. During the purge, James seals his house and plans to watch a movie with his family. However, Charlie sees a stranger fleeing from a group that is hunting him down and he disarms the security device and lets the man in. But the leader of the group gives an ultimatum to James: if he does not deliver the man to the group, they would kill the whole family. Now James has to find where the man is hidden and decide his fate.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', 'By 2022, an American governmental decision has been made, which says that all kinds of crimes including murders are legal for a period of 12 hours yearly. The aim of it is to let people get rid of their hatred by legalizing crimes, and then to decrease the rate of crime in the rest of the year, and to maintain a high economic level in US by taking out poor people lives and to give the priority for the high-class people to live.::om-ar-461-25129', "In the not-too-distant future, rampant crime and prison overcrowding have inspired the U.S. government to implement a unique solution to restore the peace: Each year, for a 12-hour period, any and all crime becomes permissible as police put their jobs on hold, and hospitals close their doors. It's called the Purge, and remarkably, the annual event leads to drastically reduced crime and record-low unemployment levels throughout the rest of the year. But this year, as suburban parents James (Ethan Hawke) and Mary (Lena Headey) place their home on lock-down for the annual event, a desperate man finds his way into their neighborhood while fleeing a sadistic gang of masked killers. In a moment of compassion, James and Mary's adolescent son (Max Burkholder) unlocks the door, offering sanctuary to the frightened stranger. Unfortunately for the entire family, that act of kindness may also be their very last, because now the killers who were pursuing the man have surrounded the house, and have vowed to kill everyone inside unless they are willingly given the man they are hunting within an hour. As the clock begins to tick, the family face a difficult dilemma -- do they sacrifice the life of a stranger in hopes of saving themselves, or attempt to stand their ground until the Purge expires?."]
['In a future where people stop aging at 25, but are engineered to live only one more year, having the means to buy your way out of the situation is a shot at immortal youth. Here, Will Salas finds himself accused of murder and on the run with a hostage - a connection that becomes an important part of the way against the system.', 'Welcome to a world where time has become the ultimate currency. You stop aging at 25, but there\'s a catch: you\'re genetically-engineered to live only one more year, unless you can buy your way out of it. The rich "earn" decades at a time (remaining at age 25), becoming essentially immortal, while the rest beg, borrow or steal enough hours to make it through the day. When a man from the wrong side of the tracks is falsely accused of murder, he is forced to go on the run with a beautiful hostage. Living minute to minute, the duo\'s love becomes a powerful tool in their war against the system.::Twentieth Century Fox', 'In a future society, people are genetically modified to stop aging at twenty five and after that a clock is activated with one more year for each citizen. Time is a currency and the wealthy that live in the New Greenwich are immortals while the poor live in ghettos in time zones are exploited and forced to live with a few hours or days, and need to work, borrow, beg or steal to stay alive. Thieves steal time and the timekeepers control the society. When the worker Will Salas saves the rich Henry Hamilton from a dangerous gang of thieves, Henry tells that he is 105 years old and is tired of living, since there is no need for the deaths in the unfair society. When Will sleeps, Henry gives more than one hundred years to him and commits suicide. Will runs to meet his mother Rachel Salas to credit time to her but she dies before the transference. Will heads to New Greenwich but the timekeeper Raymond Leon believes that he killed Henry to steal his time. Will flirts with Sylvia Weis, who is the spoiled daughter of the millionaire Philippe Weis, in a party and when Raymond arrests him, Will Salas kidnaps Sylvia and brings her to the ghetto where he lives. Sylvia feels how despicable her father is and together with Will, they steal a large quantity of time to fight against the system.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', "In a future society people have been engineered not to age once reaching 25 but can only live for one more year as time is now the currency. Those who trade it can live for more than a 100 years. Society's classes are divided into what they call time zones. The richest live in the Greenwich section. One of the residents of Greenwich wanders into the poor section where someone sees how much time he has which is 100 years and wants to steal it. Will Salas, a decent guy saves him but he tells Will that he wanted to die because he's tired of a system wherein someone has to die for others to live. While Will is sleeping he gives Will his time and walks off to die. Will goes off to share it with his mother but she dies because of inflation. Will heads off to Greenwich. He then meets a girl named Sylvia whose father is the one behind the system. A law enforcement office known as a Timekeeper who's investigating the death of the man who gave Will his time, assumes that Will stole it. So he confiscates it and arrests Will. Will then takes Sylvia hostage and runs off with her. He goes back to his time zone and asks for a ransom but when her father doesn't give it. He lets her go but when she's in danger Will saves her and they decide to work together to take down the system.::rcs0411@yahoo.com", "In the future when the aging gene has been switched off, people must pay to stay alive. To avoid overpopulation, time has become the currency that people use to pay for luxuries and necessities from a clock implanted in their forearm. This can easily be transferred among individuals on body contact. The rich can live forever, while the rest try to negotiate for their immortality. A poor young man is accused of murder when he inherits a fortune of time from a dead upper class man, though too late to help his mother from dying. He is forced to go on the run from a corrupt police force known as 'time keepers'.::Nicky Mitchell", 'When scientists unlock the secret to immortality, time becomes the new currency and one desperate man comes under attack from a mysterious group known only as the "Time Keepers." In the not-too-distant future, scientists have discovered a way to turn off the aging gene. As the threat of overpopulation looms over society, money becomes a thing of the past. Now, assets are measured in time; those with the most time also possess the most power. Meanwhile, the lower classes are forced to barter with the new elite if they want to live forever. Suddenly a young commoner stumbles across a treasure chest of time. With the "Time Keepers" in hot pursuit, however, he may never get a chance to use it.']
['Barbarella, an astronaut from the 41st century, sets out to find and stop the evil scientist Durand Durand, whose Positronic Ray threatens to bring evil back into the galaxy.', 'The year is 40,000. After peaceful floating in zero-gravity, astronaut Barbarella lands on the frozen planet Lythion and sets out to find renowned scientist Durand Durand in the City of Night, Sogo, where a new sin is invented every hour. She encounters such objects as the Excessive Machine, a genuine sex organ on which an expert artist of the keyboard--in this case, Durand Durand himself--can drive a victim to death by pleasure, a lesbian queen who can make her fantasies take form in her Chamber of Dreams, and a group of ladies smoking a giant hookah which dispenses Essence of Man through a poor victim struggling in its glass globe. The special-effects crew constantly impresses.::alfiehitchie', 'In the distant future, astronaut Barbarella has been assigned by the President of Earth to rescue renowned scientist Durand Durand, who vanished in the Tau Ceti region. Durand Durand has invented the Positronic Ray, a powerful weapon that Earth leaders fear will fall into the wrong hands. Barbarella crash lands on the frozen planet Lythion and is rescued by the catchman Mark Hand from an attack of dangerous dolls with razor teeth. Barbarella rewards him with sex and Mark informs her that Durand Durand should be in the City of Night, Sogo. Barbarella begins a dangerous mission to save Earth from the evil Durand Durand, who prepares to crown himself lord of Sogo. On her perilous (and quite sexy) trek, she teams with blind angel Pygar and battles the Black Queen along with various sexual-torture devices.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil']
['In the 25th century, a time when people have designations instead of names, a man, THX 1138, and a woman, LUH 3417, rebel against their rigidly-controlled society.', "It's sometime in the future in a state controlled society, where conformity and homogeneity are the rule. What is also the rule is that the populace follows the wants of the faceless state without question. How this is achieved is through a mandatory drug regimen, which also suppresses human desire, with sexual intercourse and human relationships banned. The law of the state is policed by a force of robocops. The physical environment is totally within a manufactured enclosure, what being outside of this unknown. THX 1138 is a loyal subject, he who goes about his business as a skilled factory working building robocops. And even when he begins to have strange feelings, he does what is obliged by going to the state run confessional, which further brainwashes through its reinforced mantra of happiness, loyalty and understanding. THX 1138 is given a glimpse into the other side through his computer matched and thus appointed female roommate, LUH 3417, and her surveillance colleague SEN 5241, LUH 3417's vision which may be something that THX 1138 may want to continue despite its illegality. If THX 1138 is able to keep his activities from the authorities and the robocops, he will have to figure out what options are available to him.::Huggo", 'George Lucas adapted this, his first film, from a short he made at University. THX 1138, LUH 3417, and SEN 5241 attempt to escape from a futuristic society located beneath the surface of the Earth. The society has outlawed sex, with drugs used to control the people. THX 1138 stops taking the drugs and gets LUH 3417 pregnant. They are both thrown in jail, where they meet SEN 5241 and start to plan their escape.::Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com>', "The human race has been relocated to a underground city beneath the Earth's surface where the population is entertained by holographic TV that broadcasts sex and violence, and a robotic police force enforces the law. Society controls all life, all citizens are drugged to control their emotions and behavior, and sex is a crime. Factory worker THX 1138 stops taking the drugs, then breaks the law by falling in love with his roommate LUH 3417; when LUH 3417 gets pregnant, THX 1138 is jailed. Escaping from jail with illegal programmer SEN 5241 and a hologram named SRT, THX 1138 goes in search of LUH 3417 and escapes to the surface with robotic police in pursuit.::Daniel Williamson"]
['Humans in a fascist, militaristic future wage war with giant alien bugs.', "In a not-so-distant future, with the Earth governed by the militaristic United Citizen Federation and multitudes of highly evolved Klendathu Arachnids threatening the safety of our solar system, high-school athlete Johnny Rico and three of his hometown friends join up to do their part. And to ensure humankind's future, an all-out invasion has begun; however, in this far-off exoplanet hostile to life as we know it, brute force alone and conventional strategies won't cut it. Now, the unstoppable Bug Army is at the gates. Will Rico and his fellow Starship Troopers end up serving as cannon fodder?::Nick Riganas", "In the distant future high school kids are encouraged to become citizens by joining the military. What they don't know is that they'll soon be engaged in a full scale war against a planet of alien insects. The fight is on to ensure the safety of humanity.::Christopher Van Pelt", 'The time is the future. Johnny Rico joins the military after graduation to become a citizen and for the love of his high school sweetheart. In the war against the bug aliens of Klendathu, the military is a very dangerous place to be. Johnny works his way through several battles and with the help of his friends and comrades, helps turn the tide of the war, and save the human race.::<maninamask@aol.com>', 'Set on the future earth, Johnny rico is a young student dating a girl named Carmen. When Carmen decides to join the military in order to become a class citizen (citizenship is only achieved through serving your country), Johnny follows and joins as well. He soon realizes that he joined for the wrong reasons but just as he is about to quit, an asteroid that originated from the orbit of planet "klendathu" hits Buenos Aires (his home town) and kills his family. Johnny and his fellow troopers set out to destroy the planet\'s inhabitants: a type of deadly and very large scaled space bugs. Through a seemingly ordinary action flick, director paul verhoeven creates a subtle anti-war theme, that shows us a fascist and military world far more frightening than WW2\'s Germany, Italy or Russia, the kind of world that is actually functioning.::guyshemi', 'Earth is united under militaristic organization called "Federation". Even in school, students like Johnny Rico are thought about importance of serving to the Federation. On the surface atmosphere looks pretty relaxed, Johnny is dating beautiful Carmen, he has a successful high school football career, loyal friends and rich parents. In the background Federation is at war with highly intelligent insectoid population that have colonized many worlds and are now trying to exterminate humans. Carmen decides to go to a school for a pilot in hope of commanding her own space ship one day and Johnny follows her not wanting to separate, but they eventually get separated in the line of duty when Johnny ends up in the Infantry and Carmen in the Fleet. When tragedy obliterates their home city of Buenos Aires, Johnny gets determined more than ever to put an end to the insectoid aggressor. Driven by hatred of the insectoids, and jealousy for Carmen\'s new boyfriend, Johnny strives to become one of the best soldiers Federation has ever seen... But "bugs" prove to be smarter and more resilient than he originally thought...::Shaddow']
['Seven years after the world has become a frozen wasteland, the remnants of humanity inhabit a perpetually-moving train that circles the globe, where class warfare, social injustice and the politics of survival play out.', 'Set seven years after the world has become a frozen wasteland, Snowpiercer centers on the remnants of humanity, who inhabit a gigantic, perpetually-moving train that circles the globe. Class warfare, social injustice and the politics of survival are questioned in this riveting television adaptation.::TNTDrama']
["In a world divided by factions based on virtues, Tris learns she's Divergent and won't fit in. When she discovers a plot to destroy Divergents, Tris and the mysterious Four must find out what makes Divergents dangerous before it's too late.", "Set in a futuristic dystopia where society is divided into five factions that each represent a different virtue, teenagers have to decide if they want to stay in their faction or switch to another - for the rest of their lives. Tris Prior makes a choice that surprises everyone. Then Tris and her fellow faction-members have to live through a highly competitive initiation process to live out the choice they have made. They must undergo extreme physical and intense psychological tests, that transform them all. But Tris has a secret that she is Divergent, which means she doesn't fit into any one group. If anyone knew, it would mean a certain death. As she discovers a growing conflict that threatens to unravel her seemingly peaceful society, this secret might help her save the people she loves... or it might destroy her.::anonymous", "In a futuristic Chicago, society is divided into 5 factions. Abnegation the selfless, Dauntless the brave, Erudite the intelligent, Candor the honest, and Amity the peaceful. When all teenagers reach the age of 16, they must choose to either stay in their faction of birth, or transfer into another faction. Beatrice Prior must make the decision to stay with her family in a faction she feels she isn't right for, or to transfer into another faction, and leave her family behind. What follows is a highly competitive initiation, where the newly renamed Tris must make some tough decisions, but she must also keep a secret that she was warned could mean death, while she juggles friends, initiation, and a newfound love interest. But there is a secret lying beneath everything that threatens to tear the city apart.::labelma", "In a world divided by factions based on virtues, Tris learns she's Divergent and won't fit in. When she discovers a plot to destroy Divergents, Tris and the mysterious Four must find out what makes Divergents dangerous before it's too late.::rkf", "In a futuristic Chicago, the founders of the city divided their society into 5 different factions. Amity, Abnegation, Candor, Erudite, and Dauntless. Whenever a child turns the age of 16, they get to decide whether they want to stay with their family, or abandon them. For Beatrice Prior, it's difficult. The constant struggle to decide what to do nags at her. When she takes the aptitude test, which will help place them in a faction, she expects her faction of origin which is Abnegation. But she gets some surprising results. Beatrice, or Tris, makes a decision that shocks everyone, including herself. In this movie, there are unexpected romances, tough battles, and extreme bravery shown through Tris that she didn't know she had in her.", "In a futuristic future society where the five smelly factions: Dauntless, Erudite, Crammity, Candor and Abnegation, are the basis of the whole function, Trish Prior discovers that she's Divergent, therefore does not fit into one faction. If she is discovered, she will be well liked. She tries to keep her Divergence a secret, but throughout her vigorous training, she reveals to the trainer, Fourth Monkey, her ability to manipulate the test and that she is Divergent. Soon Trish and Foursquare Monkeyass discover a plot to overthrow the government, killing hundreds of tomatoe plants in the process, and they must do what they can to stop it. With the power of Divergence, they maybe just be the only ones maybe able to save their darn whole world.", 'In a world where the population is divided into factions by personality types, Tris Prior (Shailene Woodley) is classified as Divergent. When she uncovers a conspiracy to eliminate all Divergents, she teams with the mysterious Four (Theo James) to find out what makes the powers-that-be so frightened of them..']
["A human soldier is sent from 2029 to 1984 to stop an almost indestructible cyborg killing machine, sent from the same year, which has been programmed to execute a young woman whose unborn son is the key to humanity's future salvation.", 'Sent back from a dystopian 2029--where the cold machines have conquered the entire world--to 1984 Los Angeles, the indestructible cyborg-assassin known as the "Terminator" commences his deadly mission to kill humankind\'s most important woman: the unsuspecting Sarah Connor. However, from the same war-torn post-apocalyptic future comes a battle-scarred defender--Kyle Reese, a brave soldier of the human Resistance Army--bent on stopping the cybernetic killer from eliminating the world\'s last hope. But, the Terminator has no feelings, he doesn\'t sleep, and above all, he won\'t stop until he carries out his grim task. Does our future lie in our past?::Nick Riganas', 'A cyborg is sent from the future on a deadly mission. He has to kill Sarah Connor, a young woman whose life will have a great significance in years to come. Sarah has only one protector - Kyle Reese - also sent from the future. The Terminator uses his exceptional intelligence and strength to find Sarah, but is there any way to stop the seemingly indestructible cyborg ?::Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com>', "In the future, Skynet, a computer system fights a losing war against the humans who built it and who it nearly exterminated. Just before being destroyed, Skynet sends a Terminator back in time to kill Sarah. The terminator can pass for human, is nearly indestructible, and has only one mission. One soldier is sent back to protect her from the killing machine. He must find Sarah before the Terminator can carry out it's mission.::John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net>", 'A cyborg assassin called "The Terminator" is sent back through time to 1984 to kill the seemingly innocent Sarah Connor--a significant woman in a bitter future war with a race of machines. If the Terminator succeeds, mankind is doomed. Sarah\'s only hope is a soldier from that post-apocalyptic war, who has chased the Terminator back through time. The future of the human race depends on which one finds her first.::Ed Martin <Yeti67@bookham.demon.co.uk>']
["Private Joe Bauers, a decisively average American, is selected as a guinea pig for a top-secret hibernation program but is forgotten, awakening to a future so incredibly moronic he's easily the most intelligent person alive.", "Officer Collins has been spearheading one of the US Army's most secretive experiments to date: the Human Hibernation Project. If successful, the project would store its subjects indefinitely until they are needed most. Their first test subject - Joe Bauers - was not chosen for his superiority. Instead, he's chosen because he's the most average guy in the armed services. But scandal erupts after the experiment takes place - the base is closed, and the president denies any knowledge of the project - Unfortunately, Joe doesn't wake up in a year, he wakes up in 500 years. But during that time human evolution has taken a dramatic downturn. After waking up, Joe takes a prison-assigned IQ test and finds that he's the smartest guy alive. Awaiting a full presidential pardon if he can solve one of the country's biggest problems - the dwindling plant population, Joe races against time to solve this problem. But he alienates half the country in the process. Can he make things right and escape a rather bizarre execution?::halo1k", 'In 2005, Private Joe Bauers is an ordinary man with an average IQ. He is invited by Officer Collins to participate in a classified program named Human Hibernation Project to hibernate in pods for one year with a whore - Rita. However, Collins is arrested for participating in a prostitution ring and Joe and Rita are forgotten in the pods. Five hundred years later, Joe wakes up and finds that society is absolutely dumb. But he is arrested since he does not have any money or identification. In prison, he is submitted to an IQ test and soon he learns that he is the most intelligent guy in the United States. President Camacho invites him to join his government and help him to resolve the problem with crops. In return, he would give pardon for his faults. Joe requests the support of Rita and the lawyer Frito, who will show him a Time Machine. Joe tries to solve the crop problem and then return to his time.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', 'US Army librarian Joe Bauers is handpicked by the military to partake in a top secret military project involving suspended animation. He is selected for his average personality. Unfortunately, the project is abruptly shut down after the officer in charge of the experiment is arrested for his involvement in a corruption scandal, and Joe is left in his pod for 500 years. After he manages to escape from the pod, Joe finds himself in a society that has been incredibly dumbed down over the past few centuries. After an IQ test reveals Joe to be the most intelligent person alive, he is selected to become the Secretary of Interior in the hopes that he can alleviate many of the problems facing the country. Can Joe save the day? And can he find any way to get himself back in time?::Sam', 'The purpose of the program set up by the Pentagon, called the "Human Hibernation Project," is designed so that the military can save their best men for when they\'re needed most. According to the officers heading the project, too many times the talents and expensive training of the best pilots and soldiers go to waste during times of peace. So they enlist Bauers (Wilson), the most under-achieving average guy they\'ve got, to be the test subject for the initial hibernation experiment. Also participating in the top-secret program is Rita (Rudolph), a prostitute who agreed to take part in exchange for dropping some criminal charges against her, among other things. Of course, the experiment, which was to last only a year, goes under due to the arrest of Officer Collins, who is busted for heading a prostitution ring. Seeing as though he was in charge of the experiment, one of the only ones who knew of its existence, and due to a lot of top-secret red tape... and the massive scandals and base closure that followed, Joe and Rita were forgotten about.::Slider', "Joe Bauers, an Army librarian, is judged to be absolutely average in every regard, has no relatives, has no future, so he's chosen to be one of the two test subjects in a top-secret hibernation program. He and hooker Rita were to awaken in one year, but things go wrong and they wake up instead in 2505. By this time, stupid people have outbred intelligent people; the world is (barely) run by morons--and Joe and Rita are the smartest people in America.::Anonymous"]
['In 2027, in a chaotic world in which women have somehow become infertile, a former activist agrees to help transport a miraculously pregnant woman to a sanctuary at sea.', "In the dystopian world of 2027 London, humans have been incapable of reproducing for 18 year for an unknown reason, meaning the imminent extinction of the species. Britain is the one remaining civilized society on the planet, which has resulted in people wanting to migrate there, so it has become a police state to handle the immigrants, who are placed into refugee camps. Lowly government bureaucrat Theo Faron, once an activist, is approached by the Fishes, deemed a terrorist group, led by his ex-wife Julian Taylor, whom he hasn't seen in almost 20 years, since their marriage disintegrated after their infant son Dylan's death during the 2008 flu pandemic. Although the Fishes did use terrorist means in their on-going revolution against the state in the fight for immigrant rights, Julian vows that they now garner support solely by speaking to the people, and she wants Theo to use his connections to get transit papers for a young immigrant woman named Kee who needs to get to the coast. Although initially reluctant to do it because of the difficulty, Theo is able to grant Julian this favor, however with the change that he now needs to accompany Kee on her journey. As Theo and Kee progress on that journey, Theo learns more and more about what's going on, including the reason that Kee needs to get to the coast, the fact that no one in the group knows if their end destination even exists, and that his and Kee's lives are in greater danger than he believed when they started the journey. But Theo's sole mission becomes to help Kee at any cost for the survival of the species.::Huggo", "This sci-fi epic from Alfonso Cuaron imagines a future world that has fallen into anarchy on the heels of an infertility defect in the population that has made humankind face the likelihood of its own extinction. Set against a backdrop of London torn apart by violence, the film follows an unlikely champion of Earth's survival: Theo (Owen), a disillusioned ex-activist turned bureaucrat, who is forced to face his own demons and protect the planet's last remaining hope for a future generation.", "The world's youngest citizen has just died at age 18, and humankind is facing the likelihood of its own extinction. Set in and around a dystopian London fractious with violence and warring nationalistic sects, this movie follows the unexpected discovery of a lone pregnant woman and the desperate journey to deliver her to safety and restore faith for a future beyond those presently on Earth.::Production", 'Set in 2027, when no child has been born for 18 years and science is at loss to explain the reason, African and East European societies collapse and their dwindling populations migrate to England and other wealthy nations. In a climate of nationalistic violence, London peace-activist-turned-bureaucrat Theo Faron joins forces with his revolutionary ex-wife Julian in order to save mankind by protecting a woman who has mysteriously became pregnant.::Ryan Devlin', "This movie envisages a world one generation from now that has fallen into chaos on the heels of an infertility defect in the population. The world's youngest citizen has just died at age of 18, and humankind is facing the likelihood of its own extinction. Set against a backdrop of London torn apart by violence and warring nationalistic sects, this movie follows an unlikely champion of Earth's survival: Theo, a disillusioned ex-activist-turned-bureaucrat who is forced to face his own demons and protect the planet's last remaining hope.", 'World divisions, chaos and anarchy--these are the ways the world and its last remaining inhabitants are checking out. No child has been born for 18 years. Human life and its moral self is eroding into extinction. Set in Britain in the year 2027, this is Theodore Faron finding his ghosts coming back to haunt his fruitless life, in the form of an underground band of rebels The Fishes. Unwittingly drawn into their plight, learning who can be trusted, who can be dependable, and how he must hold the most precious secret the Human race has been so longing to hear, the miracle that can change the course of Humanity; the first pregnant woman in 18 years. On the run, he, Kee, and Miriam must travel cross-country on the run, terrified, and helpless to the safe haven of the Human Project with help from aging hippie Jasper Palmer. This horrific, dark, unconventional, and uncompromising road movie is all that is left between the demise of the Human race and the birth of a new dawn.::Cinema_Fan', "With this dystopian world ravished by war, paranoia, and the frustrations of Man, the Orwellian vision of 1984, the totalitarian future is now complete and among us. With female fertility becoming obsolete, Man cannot reproduce, and no child has been born on the face of the Earth for 18 years. Man and his future are dying. Soon he shall be extinct. Theo, a beaten, downtrodden, middle-aged ex-political activist will unwittingly become involved in a war of an underground revolt. Here he is active once more, in the perilous journey across England's home counties with Kee, a young girl who, to Theo's bewilderment, is pregnant--the first pregnant woman for more than 18 years. This secret must be protected at all costs, and mother and child must flee to the mysterious and enigmatic Human Project across the sea. Their flight is a constant fight for survival. Who can be trusted? Who can keep a secret?::Cinema_Fan"]
['Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark become targets of the Capitol after their victory in the 74th Hunger Games sparks a rebellion in the Districts of Panem.', "Twelve months after winning the 74th Hunger Games, Katniss Everdeen and her partner Peeta Mellark must go on what is known as the Victor's Tour, wherein they visit all the districts, but before leaving, Katniss is visited by President Snow who fears that Katniss defied him a year ago during the games when she chose to die with Peeta. With both Katniss and Peeta declared the winners, it is fueling a possible uprising. He tells Katniss that while on tour she better try to make sure that she puts out the flames or else everyone she cares about will be in danger.::rcs0411@yahoo.com", "Katniss and Peeta's unprecedented co-victory in the 74th Hunger Games stirs an uprising. President Snow visits Katniss to threaten the lives of everyone she knows and holds dear if she doesn't do all she can to toe the line and quell the unrest. As her best efforts fail, Plutarch Heavensbee (a former games-master, now returned) meets with Snow to implement a Quarter Quell, by which to gather all former Hunger Games victors and have them eliminate each other. Katniss and Peeta end up in the Quarter Quell but must form alliances in order to survive; however, those with whom Katniss prefers to ally herself seem to be for emotional rather than tactical reasons.::statmanjeff", "After defying the Capitol on national television, Katniss has to attempt to control an uprising stirring in the districts. When President Snow puts her family and friends in jeopardy Katniss knows she has no choice but to follow Snow's orders. Then he turns Katniss and Peeta's world upside by throwing them back into the arena with other winning tributes and there will only be one winner. Katniss plans to sacrifice her own life to save Peeta's.::molly-field"]
['Four waves of increasingly deadly alien attacks have left most of Earth in ruin. Cassie is on the run, desperately trying to save her younger brother.', 'Four waves of increasingly-deadly attacks have left most of Earth in ruins. Against a backdrop of fear and distrust, Cassie is on the run, desperately trying to save her younger brother. As she prepares for the inevitable and lethal fifth wave, Cassie teams up with a young man who may become her final hope--if she can only trust him.::Sony Pictures Entertainment', 'When Earth is attacked by aliens, there is a sequence of waves of destruction to annihilate the population. The aliens drain the energy and create diseases and natural disasters. Teenager Cassie Sullivan moves with her family to the countryside, but when her mother Lisa dies, her father Oliver decides to go to a refugee camp with Cassie and her young brother Sam. Out of the blue, the Army comes to the camp to transfer the survivors to a military base. They transfer the children first, but Cassie misses the bus where Sam is. She learns that the in the fifth wave, the aliens have assumed human form, and she witnesses the military executing the civilians in the camp--including her father. She flees and begins her quest to find Sam. Meanwhile, the teenagers and children are trained by the military to fight the enemy. But how to know who is human and who is alien?::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil']
['A family man is drafted to fight in a future war where the fate of humanity relies on his ability to confront the past.', 'The world is stunned when a group of time travelers arrives from the year 2051 to deliver an urgent message: 30 years in the future, mankind is losing a global war against a deadly alien species. The only hope for survival is for soldiers and civilians from the present to be transported to the future and join the fight. Among those recruited is high-school teacher and family man Dan Forester (Chris Pratt). Determined to save the world for his young daughter, Dan teams up with a brilliant scientist (Yvonne Strahovski) and his estranged father (J.K. Simmons) in a desperate quest to rewrite the fate of the planet.', "With the world fighting a losing battle against the multitudes of a fierce and unstoppable extraterrestrial invader, humankind is living on borrowed time. Amid chaos, and an impending Armageddon, the former Green Beret First Sergeant, biology teacher, and doting father-of-one Dan Forester, finds himself in the ruins of an alien-infested, peril-laden urban maze, struggling for survival and answers along with a doomed army of untried soldiers. Now, a handful of defenders carries the weight of the world's desperate hopes. Can they come by a second chance?::Nick Riganas"]
['A nightmarish futuristic fantasy about the controlling power of big corporations and an innocent cop who stumbles on the truth.', 'In 2022, Earth is overpopulated and totally polluted; the natural resources have been exhausted, and the nourishment of the population is provided by Soylent Industries, a company that makes a food consisting of plankton from the oceans. In New York City, when Soylent\'s member of the board, William R. Simonson, is murdered, apparently by a burglar at the Chelsea Towers West where he lives, efficient Detective Thorn is assigned to investigate the case with his partner Solomon "Sol" Roth. Thorn comes to the fancy apartment and meets Simonson\'s bodyguard Tab Fielding and the "furniture" (woman that is rented together with the flat) Shirl and the detective concludes that the executive was not a burglary victim but executed. Further, he finds that the Governor Santini and other powerful men want to disrupt and end Thorn\'s investigation. But Thorn continues his work and discovers a bizarre, disturbing secret of the ingredient used to manufacture Soylent Green.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', "The is the year 2022. Overcrowding, pollution, and resource depletion have reduced society's leaders to finding food for the teeming masses. The answer is Soylent Green-an artificial nourishment whose actual ingredients are not known by the public. Thorn (Charlton Heston) is the tough homicide detective who stumbles onto the secret so terrifying no one would dare believe him.", 'A tale of Earth in despair in 2022. Natural food like fruits, vegetables, and meat, among others are now extinct. Earth is overpopulated and New York City has 40 million starving, poverty-stricken people. The only way they survive is with water rations and eating a mysterious food called Soylent. A detective investigates the murder of the president of the Soylent company. The truth he uncovers is more disturbing than the Earth in turmoil when he learns the secret ingredient of Soylent Green.::Mystic80', "In the year 2022, Earth's face has completely changed. New York City's population, for example, has grown to 40 million mouths to feed. The greenhouse effect has risen the temperature into nearly unbearable regions, and the people are kept in the cities by law. The rich live in separated luxury apartments (with women as part of the rented furniture) but also experience the lack of natural food. Strawberries are at $150 for a glass of them. Police Detective Thorn investigates a strange murder case of an official from the Soylent corporation, which feeds the masses with a palette of their creations: Soylent red, yellow, or--even more nutritious--green.::Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com>", "The year is 2022. New York City has become overpopulated with 40 million people and pollution has caused the temperature to be risen and all natural resources have been destroyed, leaving 40 million people starving. The Soylent Company has created a new food product, Soylent Green. In the overpopulated and polluted New York City, police detective Thorn is assigned to investigate the brutal murder of an corporate official of the Soylent company, William R. Simonson. Thorn's investigation into Simonson's murder leads him to uncover a conspiracy in the Soylent company and the Soylent Green food product itself, where Thorn uncovers the horrible truth about Soylent Green.::Daniel Williamson", "In the year 2022, overpopulation and the greenhouse effect have made life extremely difficult for the majority of people. The population of New York City is 40 million and the constant heat is unbearable. The city's infrastructure has broken down. Water is rationed and fresh food is virtually non-existent. Most of the population live on Soylent Green, made from ocean vegetation and formed into tasteless green wafers. In this environment Detective Robert Thorn is assigned to investigate the death of William Simonson who was ultra-rich and suffered none of life's hardships. He was killed with a blow to the head and it was all made to look like an interrupted break-in, but Thorn is convinced early on that it was an assassination. Thorn learns that Simonson was a member of the board of the Soylent Corporation but had recently become sad and morose. What, Thorn wonders would make such a rich man unhappy?::garykmcd"]
['The X-Men send Wolverine to the past in a desperate effort to change history and prevent an event that results in doom for both humans and mutants.', "In the future, the mutants and the humans who help them are slaughtered by powerful robots named Sentinels. Professor Xavier, Wolverine, Magneto, Storm, Kitty Pryde, and her friends meet at a monastery in China and Xavier explains that the invincible Sentinels were created using the DNA of Mystique that was captured in 1973 when she tried to assassinate their creator Dr. Bolivar Trask. Xavier tells that their only chance is return to 1973 using Pryde's ability to join Charles Xavier and Erik Lehnsherr to convince Mystique to give up her intention. However, only Wolverine can withstand the damages of the time travel. Will he succeed in stopping Mystique and the Sentinel Program, and save the mutants and their human friends from annihilation?::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil", 'This movie opens in a dark and desolate future that was set in motion in 1973, when brilliant scientist Dr. Bolivar Trask (Peter Dinklage) created a series of giant robots called Sentinels for the sole purpose of wiping out mutants, who he claimed were a direct threat to the human race. Although initially programmed solely to target mutants, the Sentinels soon began eradicating humans who possessed the DNA to breed mutants, and eventually, any mortal mutant sympathizers. Desperate, Professor Xavier (Sir Patrick Stewart) and Magneto (Sir Ian McKellen) devise a plan to have Kitty Pryde (Elliot Page) send Wolverine back to the year when Mystique (Jennifer Lawrence) assassinated Trask. It turns out that Mystique inadvertently accelerated the Sentinel program when she was subsequently captured by Sergeant William Stryker (Josh Helman), who succeeded at harvesting her DNA to make the robots more powerful than ever before. Upon arriving in the past, Wolverine quickly seeks out a much younger Charles Xavier (James McAvoy), as well as Beast (Nicholas Hoult) and Quicksilver (Evan Peters), and together they help break a young Magneto (Michael Fassbender) out of a heavily fortified prison cell hundreds of feet beneath the Pentagon. Meanwhile, with the help of Havok, Ink, Toad, and Spike, Mystique is already moving in for the kill. Although Wolverine, Beast, Charles, and Magneto manage to thwart the assassination, Charles and Magneto once again find themselves at odds after the latter attempts to alter the plan at the last moment, creating a mass panic during a post-Vietnam War peace summit in Paris. And Dr. Trask, still fuming from having had the Sentinel program rejected by Congress, takes his proposal directly to President Nixon (Mark Camacho), laying the groundwork for an even darker future than the one Wolverine was sent back to prevent.', "In a dystopian 2023, years after Logan's adventure in The Wolverine (2013), Bolivar Trask's powerful mutant-hunting robots, the Sentinels, have brought both mutant-supporters and the meta-human race on the brink of extinction. To avert total annihilation, an aged Professor X, his long-standing friend/nemesis, Magneto, and the remaining survivors of the original team in X-Men (2000) join forces with their 1973 versions from X: First Class (2011), as the body-regenerating Wolverine travels back in time, entrusted with fulfilling a life-or-death mission. Now, the shape-shifting Mystique is caught in the middle of a desperate situation. Can one man alone change the entire course of history?::Nick Riganas", 'The ultimate X-Men ensemble fights a war for the survival of the species across two time periods in this movie. The characters from the original X-Men movie trilogy join forces with their younger selves from X-Men: First Class (2011) in an epic battle that must change the past, to save our future.::Twentieth Century Fox', 'In 2023, the entire human race is on the brink of extinction. Sentinels, originally created to kill mutants now hunt all of mankind. The remaining survivors cannot stand against the onslaught of the Sentinel army. In order to save the future, Wolverine is sent back to 1973 in order to stop the war before it even starts.::Ed Kwong']
['They influence our decisions without us knowing it. They numb our senses without us feeling it. They control our lives without us realizing it. They live.', 'Nada, a down-on-his-luck construction worker, discovers a pair of special sunglasses. Wearing them, he is able to see the world as it really is: people being bombarded by media and government with messages like "Stay Asleep", "No Imagination", "Submit to Authority". Even scarier is that he is able to see that some usually normal-looking people are in fact ugly aliens in charge of the massive campaign to keep humans subdued.::Melissa Portell <mportell@s-cwis.unomaha.edu>', 'John Carpenter\'s slow and deliberate immersion of the daunting and worrying fable of the corrupt, deceiving and indifferent economic, social and political society, that has wrapped itself around its people and who in turn have blindly accepted their fate. Multicultural in more forms than anticipated, are the leading and upwardly mobile alien race who have gelled themselves into the Human psyche and exploited it to its full potential. This is the story of an everyman, a no one, a Nada who stumbles upon their secret, via an underground movement, whose mission is to sabotage their plans and awaken the world to its sinister plans. With the help of a pair of sunglasses, that shows the world as it really is, not in color, but a black and white parallel world that the sub-conscious has chosen to ignore. With subliminal messages as "OBEY", "CONFORM", "MARRY AND REPRODUCE", "CONSUME", "WATCH TELEVISION" and "SLEEP". It is through this thought control that the aliens have this world tied up and neatly packaged for its own manipulative uses, to further themselves at the expense of the meek, mild and the lowly sufferers of a job less and hungry world. This is the battle of self-awareness and one mans struggle with a reality check that has these alien beings staging war against the up-rising and rebellious armies from the gutters and streets. They Live You Sleep; where will your consciousness take you when the sleep is washed from your eyes. Welcome to the real world.::Cinema_Fan', "They influence our decisions without us knowing it. They numb our senses without us feeling it. They control our lives without us realizing it. They live. Horror master John Carpenter (Halloween, The Thing) directs this heart-pounding thriller. Aliens are systematically gaining control of the earth by masquerading as humans and lulling the public into submission. Humanity's last chance lies with a lone drifter who stumbles upon a harrowing discovery - a unique pair of sunglasses that reveal the terrifying and deadly truth.", "John Nada is a man without job who walks around a big American city trying to find something to do. He finally finds a job as a worker and a place to spend the nights, but one day something terrible happens to him. John discovers a pair of sun-glasses through which he can see the true face of people. Many persons in this city are in fact aliens (from the Andromeda) and most of them are important members of our society. They keep humans in ignorance and they rule our world as they like. Nada must find the rest of the men that know what's happening (those who made the strange sun-glasses) and join them in the fight against the aliens.::Chris Makrozahopoulos <makzax@hotmail.com>", 'The unemployed construction worker George Nada drifts to Los Angeles and finds a job. Nada is a man that believes on the American Dream and expects to have his big chance someday. He befriends the worker Frank Armitage that is a conformist and invites Nada to camp in the homeless settlement where he lives. Nada observes that the television has weird interferences from a pirate transmission of a man that belongs to an underground movement and notes a strange moving of people in the church on the other side of the settlement. Nada sneaks around the church and finds a box with pairs of sunglasses. When he wears the glasses, he discovers that the average people is being dominated and subdue by subliminal messages and several persons are aliens indeed. Further, the elites are corroborating with the invaders, receiving financial support in return. Nada forces Frank to wear the sunglasses and together they seek other humans aware of the situation to organize a resistance against the powerful aliens from Andromeda and their associates.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil']
['In a future where a failed climate change experiment has killed all life except for the survivors who boarded the Snowpiercer (a train that travels around the globe), a new class system emerges.', "Set in 2031, the entire world is frozen except for those aboard the Snowpiercer. For seventeen years, the world's survivors are on a train hurtling around the globe creating their own economy and class system. Led by Curtis (Chris Evans), a group of lower-class citizens living in squalor at the back of the train are determined to get to the front of the train and spread the wealth around. Each section of the train holds new surprises for the group who have to battle their way through. A revolution is underway.::Anne Campbell", 'The nations release the substance CW-7 with the intention of controlling global warming, but accidentally it results in another Ice Age destroying Earth. The only survivors live in the train Snowpiercer which is driven by a perpetual motion engine created by the millionaire Wilford (Ed Harris) that lives in the engine part. In 2031, after seventeen years, there is a fight of classes inside the train since the oppressed lower class lives in dreadful conditions in the last wagons of the train while the elite lives in the front wagons. The lower class is fed with protein bars only; they are oppressed and punished by Minister Mason (Tilda Swinton) and her brutal guards; and their children are taken every now and then when they reach a certain height. The leaders Gilliam (Sir John Hurt), Curtis Everett (Chris Evans), and Edgar (Jamie Bell) are plotting a scheme to reach the engine and talk to Wilford about their conditions using the addicted security engineer Namgoong Minsoo (Song Kang-ho) and his clairvoyant daughter Yona (Ko Asung) that are imprisoned to open the locked doors. When the son of Tanya (Octavia Spencer), Tim (Marcanthonee Reis), is captured by Mason, they decide to execute their plan. There are many casualties and soon Curtis discovers that they have been manipulated by Wilford to balance the resources in the train, and why the magnate keeps the lower class alive.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', 'It\'s 2031, seventeen years after authorities in seventy-nine countries decided collectively to combat global warming with the coolant CW-7. The result was the Earth being immediately sent into a deep freeze, killing all human life except a handful who now live on an "ark", a revolutionary train built before 2014 by a train aficionado named Wilford (Ed Harris), the train which at that time was considered useless and self-indulgent. The train is required to be constantly moving to generate energy for life inside, it which circumnavigates the globe on a single continuous track once every year. The train is still controlled in all of its aspects by Wilford, who has created three separate classes housed in different parts of the train: the privileged "one percent", who are at the front of the train, the workers who support both ends and occupy the middle of the train, and the "tail people", the masses who live at the back of the train like cattle in a windowless cattle car, they being solely fed protein bars, whose ingredients the tail people do not know. The face of Wilford\'s ideology to those in the tail end is Minister Mason (Tilda Swinton), as Wilford never ventures to that end of the train. Some of the policies which Wilford has implemented is taking many of the children from the tail end for an unknown purpose never to be seen by the people in the tail end again, and committing occasional indiscriminate genocide in the tail end, most of the tail people believing as a method of population control, and to demonstrate his dictatorial power in an effort to have a complacent populace amongst the masses. There have been many attempts of revolution by the tail people in the past, all quashed by Wilford. Curtis (Chris Evans), one of the tail people, wants to attempt another revolution, he believing all past attempts having failed because they have focused on Wilford, as opposed to what he feels needs to occur for power: take control of the engine at the front. Supporting Curtis in this fight are, amongst others: Gilliam (Sir John Hurt), the wise old man; Edgar (Jamie Bell), who Curtis took under his wing when he became orphaned in the early years; and Tanya (Octavia Spencer) and Andrew (Ewen Bremner), who want to find their children taken away. Along the way, they have to co-opt Namgoong Minsoo (Song Kang-ho), an addict of a synthetic hallucinogen called Kronole, he who designed the security system, namely the locking mechanism of the gates between all the train cars. As Curtis and his team try to work their way from car to car from the tail to the front, their priorities are influenced by what they see, what they learn, and by revelations including secrets from their individual pasts.::Huggo']
['Five sisters in 19th century England must cope with the pressures to marry while protecting themselves from a growing population of zombies.', "The five highly trained Bennett sisters in Georgian England must try to protect themselves from the growing zombie threat, find suitable husbands for themselves, battle marriage proposals and unlikely suitors, and save the country before it's too late.::Deborah Falconer", "Early 19th century England is besieged by zombies; the Bennet sisters-Elizabeth, Jane, Kitty, Lydia, and Mary-have all been trained in the art of weaponry and martial arts in China at their father's behest so they can defend themselves from the zombies. Mrs. Bennet only wants to see her daughters married off to wealthy suitors. The Bennets attend a country dance also attended by Colonel Darcy and Caroline and Charles Bingley. There, the young and handsome Bingley falls for Jane. Charles Bingley has inherited 100,000 (6.0 million today)-attracting Mrs. Bennet's attention as a desirable suitor for her daughter. When zombies attack the ball, the Bennet sisters fight them off, and Colonel Darcy, a friend of Bingley's and skilled zombie-killer, who was conversely trained in Japanese martial arts - with property that pays him 10,000 annually (600,000 today) - becomes smitten with Elizabeth.."]
['When a man goes in to have virtual vacation memories of the planet Mars implanted in his mind, an unexpected and harrowing series of events forces him to go to the planet for real - or is he?', "Douglas Quaid is haunted by a recurring dream about a journey to Mars. He hopes to find out more about this dream and buys a holiday at Rekall Inc. where they sell implanted memories. But something goes wrong with the memory implantation and he remembers being a secret agent fighting against the evil Mars administrator Cohaagen. Now the story really begins and it's a rollercoaster ride until the massive end of the movie.::Harald Mayr <marvin@bike.augusta.de>", 'Douglas Quaid is a bored construction worker in the year 2084 who dreams of visiting the colonized Mars. He visits "Rekall," a company that plants false memories into people\'s brains, in order to experience the thrill of Mars without having to travel there. But something goes wrong during the procedure; Quaid discovers that his entire life is actually a false memory and that the people who implanted it in his head now want him dead.::Jwelch5742', 'Plagued by vivid and distressing visions of colonised Mars, the ordinary construction worker, Douglas Quaid, nurtures an unquenchable desire to travel to the unknown and distant red planet. To decipher his recurring nightmares, Quaid enlists the help of the memory-implant company, Rekall Inc., to purchase a cheap alternative: the recollection of the ideal virtual vacation. Instead, the procedure backfires, and what Quaid used to perceive as "reality", is no more. Now, someone has put a target on his back, and the bullets start flying. The answers that Quaid is seeking are in Mars; however, what is real, and what is a dream? Are Quaid and his family prepared for the total recall?::Nick Riganas', "What is reality when you can't trust your memory? An Earthbound construction worker keeps having dreams about Mars. A trip to a false memory transplant service for an imaginary trip to Mars goes terribly wrong and another personality surfaces. When his old self returns, he finds groups of his friends and several strangers seem to have orders to kill him. He finds records his other self left him that tell him to get to Mars to join up with the underground. The reality of the situation is constantly in question. Who is he? Which personality is correct? Which version of reality is true?::John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net>"]
