['A 1950s housewife living with her husband in a utopian experimental community begins to worry that his glamorous company could be hiding disturbing secrets.']
['Identical twin gangsters Ronald and Reginald Kray terrorize London during the 1960s.', "The true story of London's most notorious gangsters, twins Reggie and Ronnie Kray. As the brothers rise through the criminal underworld, Ronnie advances the family business with violence and intimidation while Reggie struggles to go legitimate for local girl Frances Shea. In and out of prison, Ronnie's unpredictable tendencies and the slow disintegration of Reggie's marriage threaten to bring the brothers' empire tumbling to the ground."]
['Four people and their otherworldly frienemy struggle in the afterlife to define what it means to be good.', "The Good Place is a town where those who have been good throughout their lives go once they have passed away. Michael (Danson) is the architect who oversees the town--and this is the first one he has been in charge of creating. Eleanor (Bell) arrives at the Good Place and realizes they have her name right, but everything else is wrong. She isn't meant to be there at all. With the help of Chidi, her soul mate (Harper), Eleanor tries to right her wrongs, seeking to finally earn her spot in the Good Place.::carly lawless", 'American Eleanor Shellstrop has just passed away, her spirit\'s final resting place being "the good place" (as opposed to "the bad place" where most go after they die). Spirits in the good place live in specially designed neighborhoods - Michael being the architect of Eleanor\'s neighborhood - with a small group of the best of other good spirits. All spirits are paired with soul mates, Eleanor\'s being a Senagalese ethicist named Chidi Anagonye. The entire situation is meant to be paradise for the residents, but this Eleanor Shellstrop is not the Eleanor Shellstrop Michael believes her to be, this Eleanor was selfish and self-absorbed, an attitude she takes into the good place. Based partly on what little she knows about the bad place, Eleanor wants to stay in the good place, which means that she is constantly looking over her shoulder so as not to be caught as a fraud, specifically by Michael. She also wants to turn her attitude around so that she deserves to be there, which she hopes to do with the help of her soul mate. But if Eleanor does not belong in the neighborhood, what else could be wrong with the good place?::Huggo', 'The Good Place is a town where those who have been good throughout their lives go once they have passed away. When Eleanor arrives at the Good Place, she realizes she has been mistaken for someone else, and seeks help from a new friend to earn her spot in the Good Place.', "Eleanor finds herself in the good place- heaven, created by the immortal architect Michael, but doesn't believe she belongs. She, her soulmate Chidi, their neighbors Tahani and Jason (who also doesn't belong) drive each other insane and torture each other trying to figure who gets to stay and who Michael sends away to the bad place.", 'Eleonor Shellstrop, has been sent to the "good place" after her death for her excellent positive actions and contribution on earth. The only problem is that there has been a mix-up and Eleonor Shellstrop actually wasn\'t so good during her life time; in fact she was absolutely awful. Worried that she will be sent to the bad place, if anyone finds out, she meets Chidi Anagonye who will try to help her become a better person.::Lorenz Golser', "Eleanor Shellstrop is an ordinary woman who, through an extraordinary string of events, enters the afterlife where she comes to realize that she hasn't been a very good person. With the help of her wise afterlife mentor, she's determined to shed her old way of living and discover the awesome (or at least the pretty good) person within."]
['In 1985 where former superheroes exist, the murder of a colleague sends active vigilante Rorschach into his own sprawling investigation, uncovering something that could completely change the course of history as we know it.', "It's 1985 in an alternate reality. The Watchmen - comprised of the Comedian, Dr. Manhattan, Nite Owl II, Ozymandias, Rorschach and Silk Spectre II - are a disparate band of masked superheroes, modeled after the Minutemen, who were masked superheroes of a generation earlier, most of who are dead or afflicted by the ravages of life. The Comedian belongs to both groups. Despite the activities of the Watchmen leading to the west winning the Vietnam War which in turn has kept Richard Nixon in the White House, Nixon has now outlawed masks, resulting in the Watchmen disbanding and going into retirement, most hiding their Watchmen past under their human identities. However, the Comedian, in his human persona of Eddie Blake, and Dr. Manhattan - former physicist Jon Osterman who obtained his superhero powers through a scientific accident which almost killed him - now work for the government. Dr. Manhattan's powers in particular have kept a watch over nuclear proliferation, as he is able to stop any nuclear attack. Regardless, the Cold War is at its height with recent Soviet posturing regarding nuclear bomb buildup. In her human persona of Laurie Jupiter, Silk Spectre II is Dr. Manhattan's assistant and lover, as much as they can be in Dr. Manhattan's now non-human state. Meanwhile, Ozymandias has come out to the world as wealthy genius Adrian Veidt, capitalizing on his Ozymandias identity to better the world, and Rorschach continues to work as a vigilante, although one wanted by the law despite he the reason that many criminals are behind bars. When Blake is murdered, Rorschach, as the only one still on the streets, believes the murderer is out to kill all the Watchmen, despite any number of people wanting to kill the Comedian for being a misogynist. Evidence points to it perhaps having something to do with an imminent attempt of nuclear annihilation. Rorschach has to convince his colleagues, who he has not seen since their superhero days, of the validity of his theory for them to come out of retirement, which is no easy task. If they do, which will require them to overcome external forces which seem to be conspiring against them, they will have to discover both who killed the Comedian and why before they befall the same fate as him and/or before the mastermind is able to exact his larger grand plan.::Huggo", 'In a gritty and alternate 1985 the glory days of costumed vigilantes have been brought to a close by a government crackdown, but after one of the masked veterans is brutally murdered, an investigation into the killer is initiated. The reunited heroes set out to prevent their own destruction, but in doing so uncover a sinister plot that puts all of humanity in grave danger.', '"Watchmen" is set in an alternate 1985 America in which costumed superheroes are part of the fabric of everyday society, and the "Doomsday Clock" - which charts the USA\'s tension with the Soviet Union - is permanently set at five minutes to midnight. When one of his former colleagues is murdered, the washed up but no less determined masked vigilante Rorschach sets out to uncover a plot to kill and discredit all past and present superheroes. As he reconnects with his former crime-fighting legion - a ragtag group of retired superheroes, only one of whom has true powers - Rorschach glimpses a wide-ranging and disturbing conspiracy with links to their shared past and catastrophic consequences for the future. Their mission is to watch over humanity... but who is watching the Watchmen?"::T-Hen']
["A young American studying in Paris in 1968 strikes up a friendship with a French brother and sister. Set against the background of the '68 Paris student riots.", "Paris, spring 1968. While most students take the lead in the May 'revolution', a French poet's twin son Theo and daughter Isabelle enjoy the good life in his grand Paris home. As film buffs they meet and 'adopt' modest, conservatively educated Californian student Matthew. With their parents away for a month, they drag him into an orgy of indulgence of all senses, losing all of his and the last of their innocence. A sexual threesome shakes their rapport, yet only the outside reality will break it up.::KGF Vissers", 'The tumultuous political landscape of Paris in 1968 serves as the backdrop for a tale about three young cineastes who are drawn together through their passion for film. Matthew, an American exchange student, pursuing his education abroad in Paris, becomes friends with a French brother and sister duo, named Theo and Isabelle, who share a common love of the cinema. While the May 1968 Paris student riots--which eventually shut down most of the French government--are happening around them, the three friends develop a relationship unlike anything Matthew has ever experienced, or will ever encounter again.::Sujit R. Varma']
['In the 25th century, a time when people have designations instead of names, a man, THX 1138, and a woman, LUH 3417, rebel against their rigidly-controlled society.', "It's sometime in the future in a state controlled society, where conformity and homogeneity are the rule. What is also the rule is that the populace follows the wants of the faceless state without question. How this is achieved is through a mandatory drug regimen, which also suppresses human desire, with sexual intercourse and human relationships banned. The law of the state is policed by a force of robocops. The physical environment is totally within a manufactured enclosure, what being outside of this unknown. THX 1138 is a loyal subject, he who goes about his business as a skilled factory working building robocops. And even when he begins to have strange feelings, he does what is obliged by going to the state run confessional, which further brainwashes through its reinforced mantra of happiness, loyalty and understanding. THX 1138 is given a glimpse into the other side through his computer matched and thus appointed female roommate, LUH 3417, and her surveillance colleague SEN 5241, LUH 3417's vision which may be something that THX 1138 may want to continue despite its illegality. If THX 1138 is able to keep his activities from the authorities and the robocops, he will have to figure out what options are available to him.::Huggo", 'George Lucas adapted this, his first film, from a short he made at University. THX 1138, LUH 3417, and SEN 5241 attempt to escape from a futuristic society located beneath the surface of the Earth. The society has outlawed sex, with drugs used to control the people. THX 1138 stops taking the drugs and gets LUH 3417 pregnant. They are both thrown in jail, where they meet SEN 5241 and start to plan their escape.::Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com>', "The human race has been relocated to a underground city beneath the Earth's surface where the population is entertained by holographic TV that broadcasts sex and violence, and a robotic police force enforces the law. Society controls all life, all citizens are drugged to control their emotions and behavior, and sex is a crime. Factory worker THX 1138 stops taking the drugs, then breaks the law by falling in love with his roommate LUH 3417; when LUH 3417 gets pregnant, THX 1138 is jailed. Escaping from jail with illegal programmer SEN 5241 and a hologram named SRT, THX 1138 goes in search of LUH 3417 and escapes to the surface with robotic police in pursuit.::Daniel Williamson"]
['A man is able to choose his own afterlife after his untimely death, by having his consciousness uploaded into a virtual world. As he gets used to his new life and befriends his angel (real world handler), questions about his death arise.']
['In a city of anthropomorphic animals, a rookie bunny cop and a cynical con artist fox must work together to uncover a conspiracy.', 'From the largest elephant to the smallest shrew, the city of Zootopia is a mammal metropolis where various animals live and thrive. When Judy Hopps becomes the first rabbit to join the police force, she quickly learns how tough it is to enforce the law. Determined to prove herself, Judy jumps at the opportunity to solve a mysterious case. Unfortunately, that means working with Nick Wilde, a wily fox who makes her job even harder.::Jwelch5742', 'From the biggest elephant to the tiniest shrew, the city of Zootopia is a beautiful metropolis where all animals live peacefully with one another. Determined to prove her worth, Judy Hopps becomes the first official bunny cop on the police force. When 14 predator animals go missing, Judy immediately takes the case. Partnering with a smooth talking fox named Nick Wilde, Judy must piece together all the clues as to where the predators are and who is behind it all.::Blazer346', 'Being the first one is never easy, especially for Judy Hopps, the first bunny cop. When strange things happen in the city, Judy decides that she will try to solve the case, but she only has 48 hours to do so. To help her, she partners with a con artist fox named Nick Wilde, even though he makes the job harder.::Aken Purnomo', 'In a world where animals have no intention of eating each other, a little bunny named Judy Hopps who grew up on a farm leaves her family to pursue her dreams of being the first bunny cop in Zootopia. While there, she runs into a con artist fox named Nick Wilde, and they have to work together after an incident threatens Zootopia.', 'Judy Hopps has had the dream of being the first bunny police officer since she was a kid, and when she moved to Zooptopia- a city where animals live in harmony- that dream becomes a reality. But when she teams up with a mysterious, sly fox, a Zootopia wide scandal reveals that maybe not ALL animals live in harmony.']
['When a man goes in to have virtual vacation memories of the planet Mars implanted in his mind, an unexpected and harrowing series of events forces him to go to the planet for real - or is he?', "Douglas Quaid is haunted by a recurring dream about a journey to Mars. He hopes to find out more about this dream and buys a holiday at Rekall Inc. where they sell implanted memories. But something goes wrong with the memory implantation and he remembers being a secret agent fighting against the evil Mars administrator Cohaagen. Now the story really begins and it's a rollercoaster ride until the massive end of the movie.::Harald Mayr <marvin@bike.augusta.de>", 'Douglas Quaid is a bored construction worker in the year 2084 who dreams of visiting the colonized Mars. He visits "Rekall," a company that plants false memories into people\'s brains, in order to experience the thrill of Mars without having to travel there. But something goes wrong during the procedure; Quaid discovers that his entire life is actually a false memory and that the people who implanted it in his head now want him dead.::Jwelch5742', 'Plagued by vivid and distressing visions of colonised Mars, the ordinary construction worker, Douglas Quaid, nurtures an unquenchable desire to travel to the unknown and distant red planet. To decipher his recurring nightmares, Quaid enlists the help of the memory-implant company, Rekall Inc., to purchase a cheap alternative: the recollection of the ideal virtual vacation. Instead, the procedure backfires, and what Quaid used to perceive as "reality", is no more. Now, someone has put a target on his back, and the bullets start flying. The answers that Quaid is seeking are in Mars; however, what is real, and what is a dream? Are Quaid and his family prepared for the total recall?::Nick Riganas', "What is reality when you can't trust your memory? An Earthbound construction worker keeps having dreams about Mars. A trip to a false memory transplant service for an imaginary trip to Mars goes terribly wrong and another personality surfaces. When his old self returns, he finds groups of his friends and several strangers seem to have orders to kill him. He finds records his other self left him that tell him to get to Mars to join up with the underground. The reality of the situation is constantly in question. Who is he? Which personality is correct? Which version of reality is true?::John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net>"]
['In the year 2154, the very wealthy live on a man-made space station while the rest of the population resides on a ruined Earth. A man takes on a mission that could bring equality to the polarized worlds.', "In the year 2154, two classes of people exist: the very wealthy, who live on a pristine man-made space station called Elysium, and the rest, who live on an overpopulated, ruined Earth. Secretary Delacourt, a government official, will stop at nothing to enforce anti-immigration laws and preserve the luxurious lifestyle of the citizens of Elysium. That doesn't stop the people of Earth from trying to get in by any means they can. When unlucky Max is backed into a corner, he agrees to take on a daunting mission that, if successful, will not only save his life but could bring equality to these polarized worlds.::Production", "In 2154, the population is divided in two social classes: the wealthy people live in Elysium, a space station with all the resources; the poor people live on the exhausted Earth. In Los Angeles, the former car thief Max da Costa is on parole and works in an unhealthy factory Armadyne managed by the CEO John Carlyle. He dreams of saving money to travel to Elysium. Meanwhile the Secretary of Defense of Elysium, Delacourt, plots a coup d'etat against President Patel, with the support of Carlyle. He programs a software that can override Elysium's data system and make any change, including the president's name to Delacourt. Carlyle uploads the software to his brain to increase its protection. Max is exposed to a lethal amount of radiation in Armadyne and has only five more days of life. He seeks out the criminal Spider expecting to travel to Elysium, where he can use a medical chamber called Med-bay that is capable to heal any disease and save his life. Spider tells that if Max steals profitable information, such as bank accounts, from the brain of Carlyle that is on Earth. Max accepts the proposal without knowing the powerful knowledge in Carlyle's brain. When Delacourt learns that the information she needs to become president was stolen from Carlyle brain, she sends the notorious agent Kruger to hunt down Max and recover the software at any cost.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil", "In the future Earth is over populated and so polluted that the wealthy and powerful create a new place to live. It's called Elysium and it's just within Earth's orbit. and they have all sorts of conveniences among them is a machine can heal anyone. So people on Earth who want to use it try to get there. But the Secretary of Defense Delacourt uses unsanctioned operatives like a man named Kruger to keep them off Elysium. Her latest attempt to keep people off Alysium catches the ire of the President who tells her to tone down her attitude and to stop using men like Kruger. Delacourt then approaches Carlyle, the head of Armadyne Corp, the company that built Elysium and all of what they use up there and asks him to make a program that would allow her to remove the President and put someone else in his position. He agrees to do it. On Earth, Max a man who has dreamed of going to Elysium and taking Frey, a girl he grew up with there. Max works for Armadyne and while at work Max is exposed to radiation and has days to live and needs to go to Elysium to use the machine. So he approaches Spider the man who gets people to Elysium for a price. But since Max can't pay him, he makes Max a proposition, he will get him there if Max gets some information out of the head of Armadyne's head. Max agrees and is fitted with an exo-skeleton to help him. They intercept Carlyle as he was leaving for Elysium to deliver the program to Delacout and get the information out of him. Delacourt would send Kruger to save Carlyle but is killed in the crossfire. Delacourt tells Kruger to get Max because he has the program in his head. And Kruger decides to get Max through Frey. When Spider sees the program he tells Max this could change the whole system but Max wants to help Frey first.::rcs0411@yahoo.com", "The year is 2154, and the division between social classes has grown wider than ever before. As the rich enjoy a life of luxury and access to cutting-edge medical technology on Elysium, the rest of the human race contend with poverty, crime, and disease on the surface of planet Earth. Meanwhile, hard-line immigration laws ensure that only those who have been explicitly approved will ever set foot on the elusive paradise in the stars. 36-year-old Max (Matt Damon) lives in an L.A. shantytown and earns his living by working on an Armadyne assembly line. He's had a rough past, but he's struggling to stay on the right side of the law when he realizes that his only hope for survival after being exposed to deadly radiation is to reach Elysium. Should Max succeed, he will strike a major blow for equality in the eyes of his fellow surface dwellers; should he fail, it will mean certain death. In his quest to become the hero who can restore the balance between the rich and the poor, however, Max must first do battle with Elysium's hawkish Secretary of Defense Delacourt (Jodie Foster), who has devoted her entire career to maintaining that division, and whose key enforcer Kruger (Sharlto Copley) is notorious for his brutal tactics in driving out illegals. With the fates of millions hanging in the balance, Max sets his sights on Elysium and never looks back..", 'Orbiting an exhausted and toxic twenty-second-century Earth, the technologically advanced satellite haven called "Elysium" gives shelter to the world\'s extremely rich and powerful, providing seclusion from the poor ones who are left behind. However, when the former criminal, Max, sustains a lethal dose of radiation leaving him with only five days to live, the condemned man decides to get there to cure himself, even though others\' previous attempts ended up in instant disaster. Between life or death, there is no telling what a man would do to survive; nevertheless, when Max is confronted with a pressing dilemma, not even the icy Secretary of Defence, Delacourt, can stand in the way. Can Max do the unimaginable?::Nick Riganas']
["A frustrated son tries to determine the fact from fiction in his dying father's life.", "United Press International journalist Will Bloom and his French freelance photojournalist wife Josephine Bloom, who is pregnant with their first child, leave their Paris base to return to Will's hometown of Ashton, Alabama on the news that his father, Edward Bloom, stricken with cancer, will soon die, he being taken off chemotherapy treatment. Although connected indirectly through Will's mother/Edward's wife, Sandra Bloom, Will has been estranged from his father for three years since his and Josephine's wedding. Will's issue with his father is the fanciful tales Edward has told of his life all his life, not only to Will but the whole world. As a child when Edward was largely absent as a traveling salesman, Will believed those stories, but now realizes that he does not know his father, who, as he continues to tell these stories, he will never get to know unless Edward comes clean with the truth before he dies. On the brink of his own family life beginning, Will does not want to be the kind of father Edward has been to him. One of those stories from Edward's childhood - that he saw his own death in the glass eye of a witch - led to him embracing life since he would not have to fear death knowing when and how it would eventually come. The question is whether Will will be able to reconcile Edward's stories against his real life, either directly from Edward before he dies and/or from other sources, and thus allow Will to come to a new understanding of himself and his life, past, present and future.::Huggo", "When Edward Bloom becomes ill, his son, William, travels to be with him. William has a strained relationship with Edward because his father has always told exaggerated stories about his life, and William thinks he's never really told the truth. Even on his deathbed, Edward recounts fantastical anecdotes. When William, who is a journalist, starts to investigate his father's tales, he begins to understand the man and his penchant for storytelling.", "This picture follows the incredible life of Edward Bloom, through a series of flashbacks that begin when his son Will visits him for the last time. Edward is dying of cancer, and Will hasn't spoken to him for years because he believes him to be a liar that never really cared for his family. As Edward's story unfolds once again, Will tries to finally understand the truth about who his father really was...::Chris Makrozahopoulos <makzax@hotmail.com>"]
['In an oppressive future where all forms of feeling are illegal, a man in charge of enforcing the law rises to overthrow the system and state.', 'In a futuristic world, a strict regime has eliminated war by suppressing emotions: books, art and music are strictly forbidden and feeling is a crime punishable by death. Cleric John Preston (Bale) is a top ranking government agent responsible for destroying those who resist the rules. When he misses a dose of Prozium, a mind-altering drug that hinders emotion, Preston, who has been trained to enforce the strict laws of the new regime, suddenly becomes the only person capable of overthrowing it.::Anonymous', 'At the end of World War III, the world fell under the control of Father and the Tetragrammaton: a government that outlaws all forms of art and emotion. Citizens are forced to take drugs that eliminate emotions. However, "Sense Offenders": citizens who resist the laws and operate underground are continually at war with the Tetragrammaton. John Preston is a Cleric, an elite super-soldier who\'s mission is to hunt down and eliminate Sense Offenders with the help of a ruthless police force. One day, Preston accidentally breaks his morning dose of emotion suppressant drug and begins to feel. Soon, he begins sympathizing with the Sense Offenders and begins to understand the beauty of feeling... A beauty that the government, in which Preston spent his life serving, would like to see destroyed.::redcommander27', "In the future, after the Third World War, the world is ruled by a totalitarian and fascist society with the leadership of 'The Father'. Arts, music, books, luxury and feelings are not acceptable, and persons uses a drug called 'Prozium' in a daily basis to repress their feelings and feel happy. The opponents to this new world are called offenders and they form the underground resistance to the system, who are destroyed by very-well trained and powerful agents called 'The Clericks'. John Preston is one of this agents, and his life changes when he misses his daily dose of 'Prozium'.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil"]
['A narcissistic, self-centered weatherman finds himself in a time loop on Groundhog Day, and the day keeps repeating until he gets it right.', 'A weather man is reluctantly sent to cover a story about a weather forecasting "rat" (as he calls it). This is his fourth year on the story, and he makes no effort to hide his frustration. On awaking the \'following\' day, he discovers that it\'s Groundhog Day again, and again, and again. First he uses this to his advantage, then comes the realisation that he is doomed to spend the rest of eternity in the same place, seeing the same people do the same thing every day.::Rob Hartill', 'Misanthropic TV weatherman/broadcaster, Phil Connors, is annoyed and despondent when he\'s assigned the job of covering the annual Groundhog festivities in the small "Hick" town of Punxsutawney - making this his fourth in a row. The only noticeable upside is his attractive and good-natured producer. But the real nightmare begins when Phil ends up reliving the same day (Groundhog Day) over, and over again. Unable to leave the town due to a severe blizzard, and with no end in sight, Phil struggles to find a way to escape (and ultimately make the best of) his seemingly hopeless situation.::S. Lagan', "TV weatherman Phil Connors is cynical, to say the least, and having to go yet again to Punxsutawney, Pa. on February 2 to see if Punxsutawney Phil sees his shadow isn't his idea of fun. He is grumpy with his segment producer Rita and downright nasty with cameraman Larry. He doesn't take the shadow business at all seriously but the next morning, awakens to find he is reliving the same day. Initially disbelieving and fighting what is happening to him, Phil eventually accepts that he will relive the same day over and over again. He uses the opportunity to acquire new skills - piano playing and ice carving among them - and soon becomes the most admired man in Punxsutawney. However, just how many times he relives the day is anyone's guess.::garykmcd", 'Phil Connors is the arrogant and egotistical weatherman for local station WPBH-TV Pittsburgh. He has disdain for those with whom he works as well as for his viewers. But he has the most disdain for Groundhog Day held in Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania, which he is to cover for the fourth time in his career, this year with Rita and Larry, the station\'s new producer and cameraman respectively. Phil wants to get in and out of Punxsutawney as quickly as possible, but a snowstorm forces the threesome to stay an extra night in town after the Groundhog Day festivities. When Phil awakens the next morning, he is experiencing what he thinks is déjà vu. In reality, he is experiencing that Groundhog Day in Punxsutawney all over again. The same happens the following day and the following. As Phil relives that same Groundhog Day over and over again, he goes through a myriad of highs and lows. But as he comes to the realization that Groundhog Day may be his fate for eternity, he also comes to other realizations, such as that his actions have no long term consequences, but that knowledge, especially as it relates to Rita, can be a powerful and dangerous thing. But he is given opportunity after opportunity to get the day "right."::Huggo']
['A sausage strives to discover the truth about his existence.', "The products at Shopwell's Grocery Store are made to believe a code that helps them live happy lives until it's time for them to leave the comfort of the supermarket and head for the great beyond. However, after a botched trip to the great beyond leaves one sausage named Frank and his companion Bun stranded, Frank goes to great lengths (pun intended) to return to his package and make another trip to the great beyond. But as Frank's journey takes him from one end of the supermarket to the other, Frank's quest to discover the truth about his existence as a sausage turns incredibly dark. Can he expose the truth to the rest of the supermarket and get his fellow products to rebel against their human masters?::halo1k", 'Frank is a sausage who has always wanted to be purchased and "go home," but he does not yet know the truth. What he does not know is that his kind is used as a snack and he strives to find the truth of his existence in this cruel food-eating world.', "A supermarket called Shopwell's is filled with anthropomorphic grocery items that believe that the human shoppers are gods, who take groceries they have purchased to a utopia known as the Great Beyond. Among the groceries in the store is a sausage named Frank, who dreams of living in the Great Beyond with his hot dog bun girlfriend Brenda and of finally consummating their relationship..", "Life is good for all the food items that occupy the shelves at the local supermarket. Frank the sausage, Brenda the hot dog bun, Teresa Taco and Sammy Bagel Jr. can't wait to go home with a happy customer. Soon, their world comes crashing down as poor Frank learns the horrifying truth that he will eventually become a meal. After warning his pals about their similar fate, the panicked perishables devise a plan to escape from their human enemies."]
['Emperor Kuzco is turned into a llama by his ex-administrator Yzma, and must now regain his throne with the help of Pacha, the gentle llama herder.', 'In this animated comedy from the folks at Disney, the vain and cocky Emperor Kuzco (David Spade) is a very busy man. Besides maintaining his "groove", and firing his suspicious administrator, Yzma (Eartha Kitt), he\'s also planning to build a new waterpark just for himself for his birthday. However, this means destroying one of the villages in his kingdom. Meanwhile, Yzma is hatching a plan to get revenge and usurp the throne. But, in a botched assassination courtesy of Yzma\'s right-hand man, Kronk (Patrick Warburton), Kuzco is magically transformed into a llama. Now, Kuzco finds himself the property of Pacha, a lowly llama herder whose home is ground zero for the water park. Upon discovering the llama\'s true self, Pacha offers to help resolve the Emperor\'s problem and regain his throne, only if he promises to move his water park.::Richard Hudson', 'Kuzco (David Spade) is the bratty, narcissistic ruler of an ancient South American empire, who also has an attitude problem. After firing his devious advisor Yzma (Eartha Kitt), she transforms into a llama, after a botched attempt at killing him. Soon, Kuzco must turn to a local farmer to help him become human again.::Tom Daly']
['On vacation in Thailand, Richard sets out for an island rumored to be a solitary beach paradise.', "Garland's novel centers on a young nicotine-addicted traveler named Richard, an avid pop-culture buff with a particular love for video games and Vietnam War movies. While at a hotel in Bangkok, he finds a map left by his strange, whacked-out neighbor, who just committed suicide. The map supposedly leads to a legendary island paradise where some other wayward souls have settled.::Mike Arndt <clayton@hooked.net>", "For his first major project after the overwhelming success of Titanic, Leonardo Di Caprio took a risky path in this adaptation of Alex Garland's acclaimed novel, directed by Danny Boyle. Richard (Di Caprio) is an American backpacking through Asia with a handful of friends from Europe. While in Bangkok, he meets a mad Scotsman who calls himself Daffy Duck (Robert Carlyle). Shortly before Mr. Duck kills himself, he gives Richard a crude map to a place in Thailand that he claims is paradise on earth: beautiful, unspoiled, and uninhabited. For lack of anything better to do, Richard and his companions try to locate the spot, which, after a dangerous and taxing journey, takes them to a beach as beautiful as Duck said it would be. Richard and his friends settle in, but before long they discover that they are not alone; a large group of fellow travelers has already dug themselves in, and they have established a community with the same social evils that Richard was hoping to leave behind. Just as important, there is an army of natives who grow marijuana in the nearby hills and do not appreciate the presence of these visitors."]
['Bound by a shared destiny, a teen bursting with scientific curiosity and a former boy-genius inventor embark on a mission to unearth the secrets of a place somewhere in time and space that exists in their collective memory.', 'Bound by a shared destiny, a bright, optimistic teen bursting with scientific curiosity and a former boy-genius inventor jaded by disillusionment embark on a danger-filled mission to unearth the secrets of an enigmatic place somewhere in time and space that exists in their collective memory as "Tomorrowland."::Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures', 'In order to save our world from danger, a curious teenage girl with a high interest in science, and a former genius inventor embark on an adventure packed journey filled with evil machines, robots and, a technology paradise known as, "Tomorrowland"!', "Casey Newton is a genius who dreams of one day going up into space. She's sure she'll get her chance because her father works at the NASA launch center at Cape Canaveral. But when the place is being closed down, Casey sneaks in and tries to stop them from doing that by sabotaging the equipment. She is caught and thrown in jail, when she's released and her personal effects are given to her, among them is a pin which she says is not hers. When she touches it, she finds in a futuristic city. When the pin runs out of energy, she wants to go back so she finds online someone who might know something about it. She goes there and when she talks to the people there, they ask her who gave it to her. When she says she doesn't know, they don't believe her and refuse to let her leave. Eventually they reveal themselves to be armed with advanced weapons. They try to shoot her but someone saves her and she discovers the ones who attacked her are robots. The one who saved her introduces herself as Athena. She says that Casey needs to help save the future. She takes Casey to meet a man named Frank Walker. When she sees him, he refuses to help. But when they are attacked by more robots, they try to go to the place she saw.::rcs0411@yahoo.com", 'When a scientifically minded teenager (Britt Robertson) discovers a technologically advanced trinket that provides an astounding glimpse of the future, she enlists the help of a reclusive inventor (George Clooney) to make "Tomorrowland" a reality today..']
['A police officer is brought out of suspended animation in prison to pursue an old ultra-violent nemesis who is loose in a non-violent future society.', 'Frozen in 1996, Simon Phoenix, a convicted crime lord, is revived for a parole hearing well into the 21st century. Revived into a society free from crime, Phoenix resumes his murderous rampage, and no one can stop him. John Spartan, the police officer who captured Phoenix in 1996, has also been cryogenically frozen, this time for a crime he did not commit. In 2032, the former cities of Los Angeles, San Diego and Santa Barbara have merged into peaceful, utopian San Angeles. Unable to stop him with their non-violent solutions, the police release Spartan to help recapture Phoenix. Now after 36 years, Spartan has to adapt himself to the future society he has no knowledge about.::Rob Hartill', "In the late 20th century, Simon Phoenix is a psychotic criminal who is extremely elusive. He took some people hostage. John Spartan is a cop who is known as the Demolition Man because he demolishes property to get to his man. When Spartan thinks the hostages are dead, he goes after Phoenix blowing up the building he was in. But when he turns Phoenix in, traces of the hostages are found and it's believed that they could have been alive. Spartan says they were already dead but Phoenix says they were alive. Spartan would then be charged and found guilty and sentenced to a cryogenic prison as is Phoenix. 36 years later Phoenix is released for his parole hearing but he escapes and goes on rampage. The police try to apprehend him, but it turns out that the police are less aggressive, so Phoenix escapes. So when it is discovered that Spartan was the one who caught Phoenix he is released and tasked with finding him. But Phoenix is now stronger than he was 36 years ago, Spartan wonders how is this possible.::rcs0411@yahoo.com", "In 1996 Los Angeles, the streets are ruled by acts of violence and terror, nothing and nobody is safe. Simon Phoenix is one of the worst criminals that Los Angeles has ever seen, and only one man can stop him - police officer John Spartan. When John arrested Phoenix, he was surprisingly found as an accessory to the recent crime and was also sent to the CryoPrison. During Spartan's 36-year sentence, Los Angeles' theme and society had dramatically changed from one of violence to one of peace. Phoenix, revived for a parole hearing, managed to escape and uses Los Angles to his advantage. The police are unable to stop him with their non-violent solutions and have no choice but to release Spartan to stop him. Now Spartan not only has to stop Phoenix, but to adapt himself to the future society he has no knowledge about.::John Wiggins"]
['After the earth-shattering revelations of Insurgent, Tris must escape with Four beyond the wall that encircles Chicago, to finally discover the shocking truth of the world around them.', 'After the earth-shattering revelations of "Insurgent," Tris must escape with Four and go beyond the wall enclosing Chicago, leaving for the first time ever the only city and family they have ever known. Once outside, the revelation of shocking new truths quickly render old discoveries meaningless, and Tris and four must quickly decide who they can trust as a ruthless battle ignites beyond the walls of Chicago which threatens all of humanity. To survive, Tris is forced to make impossible choices about courage, allegiance, sacrifice, and love.::mapbryan']
['A police officer in the future uncovers the deadly secret behind a society that worships youth.', 'It\'s 2274, and on the surface, it all seems to be an idyllic society. Living in a city within an enclosed dome, there is little or no work for humans to perform, and inhabitants are free to pursue all of the pleasures of life. There is one catch however: your life is limited and when you reach thirty, it is terminated in a quasi-religious ceremony known as "carrousel". Some, known as "runners", try to escape their fate when the time comes, and it\'s the job of Sandmen to track them down and kill them. Logan (Michael York) is such a man, and with several years before his own termination date, thinks nothing of the job he does. Soon after meeting a young woman, Jessica-6 (Jenny Agutter), he is ordered to become a runner and infiltrate a community outside the dome known as "Sanctuary" and to destroy it. Pursued by his friend Francis (Richard Jordan), also a Sandman, Logan and Jessica find their way to the outside. There, they discover a beautiful, virtually uninhabited world. Logan realizes that he must return to the dome to tell them what he\'s found and be set free.::garykmcd', 'In the year 2274, young residents enjoy an idyllic, hedonistic lifestyle within the protective confines of a domed city. The general belief is that when each person turns 30, they are reincarnated for another blissful life cycle. Those who know the much darker truth become "runners" and flee to a hidden sanctuary. When law enforcement officer Logan goes undercover to locate the refuge, he winds up instead trying to initiate a revolution with runner Jessica.::Jwelch5742', 'In the Year of the City 2274, humans live in a vast, bubbled metropolis, where computerized servo-mechanisms provide all needs so everyone can pursue endless hedonism. Endless, that is, until Lastday, when anyone who\'s 30 must submit to Carrousel, a soaring, spinning trip to eternity and supposed rebirth. The screen\'s first use of laser holography highlights this post-apocalyptic winner of an Academy Award for "Best Visual Effects." Michael York plays Logan 5, a Sandman authorized to terminate Runners fleeing Carrousel. Logan is almost 30. Catch him if you can. Also starring Jenny Agutter, Farrah Fawcett, Peter Ustinov, Richard Jordan and Roscoe Lee Browne.', 'Logan (Michael York), a Sandman (police assassin), is forced to search for "Sanctuary", a place to which people have apparently escaped from the sealed city of the future in which he lives. Jessica (Jenny Agutter) is caught up along the way and becomes his companion fugitive as they are pursued by Francis (Richard Jordan), a fellow Sandman. Sanctuary is not what they expect.::A.M.Putnam', 'In the twenty-third century, the survivors of a holocaust now live within a domed city that is sealed off from the outside world. In the domed city, men and women live in a society where you can only live until you are thirty-years-old (due to population control and limited resources), the people have two choices: They can either take part in a extermination ceremony called "carrousel", where they are promised a "rebirth", or they can go on the run and escape to outside the domed city. Logan 5 (Michael York) is a Sandman, an elite policeman whose job is terminate all "runners" who refuse to be exterminated on "carrousel" and escape to outside the city. When Logan finds a symbol, the computer that controls all life in the city, gives Logan an undercover assignment to find and destroy a mysterious place called "Sanctuary" by posing as a runner, by removing the last four years of his life from his life crystal. Now on the run, and hunted by his partner and best friend Francis 7 (Richard Jordan), Logan and a woman named Jessica 6 (Jenny Agutter), working for a underground resistance group that are helping all runners search for Sanctuary, escapes from the domed city and find themselves in a devastated Washington, D.C., where Logan and Jessica discover another world and find there is much to live for, and Logan begins to question the system.::Daniel Williamson', 'It is 2274. Some type of holocaust has decimated the Earth, and the survivors sealed themselves into a domed city near Washington, D.C. To maintain the population balance, the computers that run the city have decreed that all people must die at thirty. This system is enforced by "sandmen": black-clad police operatives who kill "runners" (those who attempt to live beyond thirty). Logan, a sandman, is sent on a mission to find "Sanctuary", which is a code word used by the master computer to describe what it believes is a place to which runners have been escaping. Logan begins to question the system he serves, and after seeing for himself that there is life beyond the dome, he returns to destroy the computer.', 'In the year 2274, after the world has been decimated by a holocaust, a new society is built and resides in a domed city. However, it is forbidden for humans to live beyond thirty, and you are given two choices, either to go through a ritual called "carrousel" with the promise of being "renewed", or go on the run and risk being hunted down by an elite police force known as "Sandmen". Logan 5 (Michael York) is just such a man, and when he and his partner Francis 7 (Richard Jordan) find and kill a runner, Logan takes an ankh symbol which identifies a person as a runner. When the computers of the city find out that Logan is in possession of the amulet, they order him to go undercover and find Sanctuary, the place where all the runners go to live out the rest of their lives. To ensure this, the computer adds four years to the time crystal on his palm to make it appear that he is on the verge of turning thirty. Logan then meets up with Jessica 6 (Jenny Agutter), a member of the underground group that helps runners escape to Sanctuary. Logan then begins to run, but in the process, realizes that there is much for which to live, and that he is just entering the prime of his life.::Brian Washington <Sargebri@att.net>']
['As a modern-day scientist, Tommy is struggling with mortality, desperately searching for the medical breakthrough that will save the life of his cancer-stricken wife, Izzi.', "Three stories - one each from the past, present, and future - about men in pursuit of eternity with their love. A conquistador in Mayan country searches for the tree of life to free his captive queen; a medical researcher, working with various trees, looks for a cure that will save his dying wife; a space traveler, traveling with an aged tree encapsulated within a bubble, moves toward a dying star that's wrapped in a nebula; he seeks eternity with his love. The stories intersect and parallel; the quests fail and succeed.::<jhailey@hotmail.com>", "Present-age surgeon Tom Creo is obsessed by a medical research project's unlikely side-benefit, the last hope to save his dying wife. It's based on a codes she researched, concerning conquistador Tomas, whose efforts to find the Mayan tree of life for the Spanish crow<n were countered by both Mayan defenders and grand inquisitor Silecio. In the future, the tree itself may be dying, which space-traveler Tommy is exploring.::KGF Vissers", "Moving between representational stories and images, this meditation on life and death focuses on the concept of the mythical Tree of Life that is said to bestow immortality to all who drink of its sap. In one of the film's allegorical time-lines, a 16th century Spanish conquistador played by Hugh Jackman sets out to find the tree in order to save his queen (Rachel Weisz) from the Inquisition. Another conceptual story finds Jackman centuries later, struggling with mortality as a modern-day scientist desperately searching for the medical breakthrough that will save the life of his cancer-stricken wife, Izzi. The third and most abstract concept finds Jackman as a different incarnation of the same character-idea, this time questing for eternal life within the confines of a floating sphere transporting the aged Tree of Life through the depths of space.", "Born from the sacrifices of man, the legendary Tree of Life promises eternity to those who drink its sap. It is the quest for this fabled tree - or more importantly, its gift, which has consumed Tom (Jackman) over the course of 1000 years. Told in a non-linear style, The Fountain follows Tom's soul through three separate incarnations, each of whom is desperate to save the life of his soul mate Izzi (Weisz) by harnessing the power of The Tree."]
['An architect wants to rebuild New York City as a utopia following a devastating disaster.']
['Two 1990s teenage siblings find themselves in a 1950s sitcom, where their influence begins to profoundly change that complacent world.', 'David Wagner is a kid whose mind is stuck in the 1950s. He\'s addicted to a classic 50\'s sitcom television show called "Pleasantville". Pleasantville is a simple place, a place where all of its citizens are swell and simple-minded folks, a place where the word "violence", and life outside of Pleasantville, is unbeknownst to its inhabitants; things are perfect down in Pleasantville. One evening, the life of David and his obnoxious sister Jennifer take a bizarre turn when an eccentric repairman hand them a supposed magical remote. After a quarrel between the siblings, they inexplicably zap themselves into the world of "Pleasantville". Now, David and Jennifer must adjust to a 50s lifestyle of repressed desires and considerably different societal values while trying to find their way home.::Kyle Perez', "David, nerdy high school student, flees reality by watching Pleasantville - a 1950's b&w sit-com, where everything is just that... pleasant. His sister Jennifer, sexually far more active than her brother, gets in a fight with him about a very strange remote control. The remote was given to them just seconds after the TV broke, by an equally strange repair man. They suddenly find themselves in Pleasantville, as Bud and Mary-Sue Parker, completely assimilated and therefore black and white, in clothes a little different and with new parents... pleasant ones. David wants to get out of the situation as well as his sister, but whereas he tries to blend in (effortlessly, with his knowledge), she does whatever she wants to do. One event leads to the other, and suddenly there is a red rose growing in Pleasantville. The more rules are broken, the more colorful life gets in Pleasantville, USA.::Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com>"]
['A detective must work with an Orc to find a powerful wand before evil creatures do.', 'In Los Angeles, humans live with orcs and elves in a world where fantasy creatures do exist. LAPD police officer Dayl Ward is the first human cop having the orc police officer Nick Jakoby as a partner. When Ward is shot by an orc and Jakoby does not capture the shooter, he questions whether Jakoby lets the fellow orc escape. During a patrol, Ward and Jakoby arrest a man that tells that there is a prophecy and Ward is blessed. Meanwhile, Internal Affairs press Ward to find the truth about the escape of the shooter so that they can fire Jakoby. The magic department of the FBI interrogates the man that belongs to the terrorist Shield of Light group which protects brights so that they can prepare for the return of the Dark Lord that will destroy the world. Ward and Jakoby are summoned to attend a disturbance and they stumble upon a Shield of Light safe-house where they arrest the elf Tikka and bag her magic wand. Soon they learn that Tikka is hunted down by the evil and powerful rogue elf Leilah and her Terrorist group Inferni which are the ones actually trying to resurrect the dark lord and they need to protect Tikka and the wand; otherwise the world will be destroyed. What will they do?::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', 'In an alternate interpretation of contemporary Los Angeles where creatures of fantasy such as Orcs, Elves and Fairies coexist with the human race, an already frail equilibrium between species is threatened when the seasoned police officer, Daryl Ward, partners up with the rookie cop and the first Orc to join in the force, Nick Jacoby. Under those circumstances, things will take a turn for the worse, when a routine night patrol soon leads to a cryptic female Elf, Tikka, and a legendary artefact, all races would kill for to have it in their possession. They say, only a Bright can wield the powerful relic; however, can Daryl and Nick protect it and stay alive, as everyone in the city is after it?::Nick Riganas']
['A group of young adults, who meet online, get a hold of a cult underground graphic novel, which not only pins them as a target of a shadowy deep state organization, but also burdens them with the dangerous task of saving the world.']
['When an unseen enemy threatens mankind by taking over their bodies and erasing their memories, Melanie Stryder risks everything to protect the people she cares about.', 'A body-snatching alien takes possession of a young woman who refuses to surrender her mind, and together they seek out the man they both love as Writer and Director Andrew Niccol (Gattaca (1997), In Time (2011)) adapts Twilight author Stephenie Meyer\'s New York Times best-seller. The majority of the human race have been possessed by unseen invaders, leaving only small pockets of "wild" humans like Melanie Stryder (Saoirse Ronan) scattered throughout the world. Upon being captured by the invaders, Melanie finds her body claimed by Wanderer, a spirit that has been warned of the difficulties that come with claiming a human host. In the process of inhabiting Melanie, Wanderer is deeply affected by her vivid dreams and memories. And when Melanie fights to maintain control of her mind even as Wanderer possesses her body, the sympathetic entity joins her on a journey that will reveal the unfathomable depths of human love and compassion.']
["A man's vision for a utopian society is disillusioned when travelling forward into time reveals a dark and dangerous society.", "On January 5, 1900, a disheveled looking H.G. Wells - George to his friends - arrives late to his own dinner party. He tells his guests of his travels in his time machine, the work about which his friends knew. They were also unbelieving, and skeptical of any practical use if it did indeed work. George knew that his machine was stationary in geographic position, but he did not account for changes in what happens over time to that location. He also learns that the machine is not impervious and he is not immune to those who do not understand him or the machine's purpose. George tells his friends that he did not find the Utopian society he so wished had developed. He mentions specifically a civilization several thousand years into the future which consists of the subterranean morlocks and the surface dwelling eloi, who on first glance lead a carefree life. Despite all these issues, love can still bloom over the spread of millennia.::Huggo", 'From the book by H.G. Wells, a scientist and tinkerer builds a time machine and uses it to explore the distant future where there are two races, a mild gentle race, and a cannibalistic one living underground. His machine is stolen by the underground race and he must risk being captured (and eaten) to return to his own time.::John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net>']
['An inventor spurns his city life and moves his family into the jungles of Central America to make a utopia.', 'An eccentric and dogmatic inventor sells his house and takes his family to Central America to build a utopia in the middle of the jungle. Conflicts with his family, a local preacher, and with nature are only small obstacles to his obsession. Based on the novel by Paul Theroux.::Keith Loh <loh@sfu.ca>', 'American Allie Fox (Harrison Ford) is a genius, especially when it comes to anything mechanical, and an idealist. He dropped out of Harvard to become an inventor, he now with nine patents and six pending. He loves the U.S., but is disillusioned by what it has become in so many different facets. As such, he unilaterally decides to uproot his family - his wife, who he affectionately calls "Mother" (Dame Helen Mirren), their two sons Charlie (River Phoenix) and Jerry (Jadrien Steele), and their twin daughters April (Hilary Gordon) and Clover (Rebecca Gordon) - from their comfortable New England life to move to the jungles of Central America, most specifically Mosquitia. There, he hopes to start from scratch to build a society closer to his own ideals, his utopia. He believes he is doing this not just for himself, but for his family, as he wants his children to learn from real-life as opposed to books. Allie will learn that he may have his own view of what he wants to achieve, but that there are external forces, both human and non-human, that may conspire against him. Outwardly, chief amongst his human obstacles is missionary Reverend Spellgood (Andre Gregory), whose work Allie believes is solely narcissistic propaganda. In turn, Reverend Spellgood believes Allie is a Communist. But what may be lurking underneath the surface as another obstacle is Allie\'s own family, who may ultimately rebel against something in which they had no input, especially as Allie has a policy of anyone being free to leave if they want, but be excommunicated from the family forever. Allie, too, will have to decide how far he will go to achieve his ultimate dream.::Huggo', 'Allie Fox (Harrison Ford) has never been a man to do things by the book. An avid inventor, he is a troubled genius given to intense moods and an incredible drive. Seemingly on a whim, he shifts his family to the jungles of Central America, telling his children that America "is gone". Determined to create a civilization better than the one he has abandoned, Fox\'s obsession and mania might pull his family through, or it might pull them apart.::Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au>']
['A comic allegory about a traveling Bushman who encounters modern civilization and its stranger aspects, including a clumsy scientist and a band of revolutionaries.', 'A Sho in the Kalahari desert encounters technology for the first time--in the shape of a Coke bottle. He takes it back to his people, and they use it for many tasks. The people start to fight over it, so he decides to return it to the God--where he thinks it came from. Meanwhile, we are introduced to a clumsy biologist, a schoolteacher assigned to a small village, and a despotic revolutionary.::Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com>', 'Misery is brought to a small group of Sho in the Kalahari desert in the form of a Coca-Cola bottle. In his quest to throw the evil object over the edge of the earth, Xixo encounters Western "civilization," a haphazard doctor, and a tyrannical despot.::Paul Batey']
["A father and son, who have been living off grid for 20 years, encounter an outsider who threatens to destroy the utopia they've built.", 'Last Survivors takes place in a post-apocalyptic world where Troy raises his now grown son, Jake, in a perfect wooded utopia thousands of miles away from the decayed cities. When Troy is severely wounded, Jake is forced to travel to the outside world to find life-saving medicine. Ordered to kill anyone he encounters, Jake defies his father by engaging in a forbidden relationship with a mysterious woman, Henrietta. As Jake continues this dangerous affair, Troy will stop at nothing to get rid of Henrietta and protect the perfect utopia he created.']
['When an android replica of a boy is rejected by his aggrieved creator, he goes off to find his own identity in an adventure that would make him the greatest hero of his time.', "Set in futuristic Metro City, Astro Boy is about a young robot with incredible powers created by a brilliant scientist in the image of the son he has lost. Unable to fulfill the grieving man's expectations, our hero embarks on a journey in search of acceptance, experiencing betrayal and a netherworld of robot gladiators, before he returns to save Metro City and reconcile with the father who had rejected him.::Anonymous", "When a scientist's young son dies, he secretly creates a powerful robot child to replace him, however the robot uses its incredible powers to become a world famous super-hero, and faces his biggest challenge when an alien race threatens Earth.::Anonymous", "When a scientist's young son dies, he secretly creates a powerful robot child to replace him, however the robot uses it's incredible powers to become a world famous super-hero, and faces his biggest challenge when an alien race threatens Earth...::Anonymous"]
["In 1930s, a psychotic drifter who's after the mystery woman who covered his whole body in illustrations that foresee distant future shows three of them (The Veldt, The Long Rain and The Last Night of the World) to a mesmerized traveler.", "The Illustrated Man is classic Bradbury, a collection of eighteen startling visions of humankind's destiny, unfolding across a canvas of decorated skin, visions as keen as the tattooist's needle and as colorful as the inks that indelibly stain the body. The images, ideas, sounds and scents that abound in this phantasmagoric sideshow are provocative and powerful: the mournful cries of celestial travelers cast out cruelly into a vast space of stars and blackness, the sight of gray dust settling over a forgotten outpost on a road that leads nowhere, the pungent odor of Jupiter on a returning father's clothing. Here living cities take their vengeance, technology awakens the most primal natural instincts, Martian invasions are foiled by the good life and the glad hand, and dreams are carried aloft in junkyard rockets.::Stig Ohara", "Just as the original book is an anthology of science fiction stories, the Illustrated Man movie has a framing device to connect the fragmented story vignettes that are told. A young hobo falls in with an experienced traveler who at times frightens and entices him. The senior hobo(Rod Stieger) is covered from head to toe by tattoo illustrations that both enrich and curse him. He warns the young man not to stare too closely at them for too long, as they seem to come alive and portray tales. Each one in turn plays out a science fiction tale, a morality play, some bitter, some sweet, some perplexing. The movie reuses the same three principal actors in every story vignette, making it a bizarre, confusing task to try to re-identify each as their role changes from tale to tale. There is no connecting thread here, save for the continuing framing story of the young man becoming entranced by the illustrations. The older hobo claims he is searching for the woman who tattooed him to this extent, but it is unclear if she is real, a phantom, or an invention of his somewhat disturbed mind. By the time we get the entire tale of how the tattoos came to be, Rod has become romantically involved with the female tattoo artist. There is some suggestion that she has made a mark upon his soul by living with him for so long. But suddenly, she is gone, vanished, and he is forever searching for his lost love, his muse, his devil woman who has cursed him to live like this and thrown him to the hard, cruel world. Shocked and driven to the point of madness himself, the young man attempts to crush the old hobo's skull with a rock, and then flees himself, having now become the target of the old hobo's pursuit. There is no resolution to this, only an endless chase that continues...::Kirk G", 'A young man is introduced to the hobo life by an odd, completely tattooed man. The tattoos seem to come alive and can drive a man mad. The old hobo pursues both the woman who tattooed him in his dreams and the young man who attempts to kill him.::Kirk G', 'In this Sci-Fi anthology based on short stories by famous Sci-Fi and horror author Ray Bradbury, a man meets a strange woman and ends up having his whole body covered in tattoos or illustrations, as he calls them. He meets a curious traveler and agrees to explain to him the meaning behind three of there illustration, which all happen to tell about the future. The first story is called "The Veldt" and follows a couple who\'s worried over the fact that their kids are spending all their time in an African savanna created by their incredibly realistic home virtual reality simulator. When they take action to get the kids back to reality, the kids fight back. In "The Long Rain", a team of astronauts crash-lands on Venus, a planet now completely covered with jungles thanks to heavy rain that\'s constantly falling throughout the entire year. Can they navigate the endless jungle and reach safety before they fall pray to madness and exhaustion? In "The Last Night of the World", a couple learns that the world will end in a day and decides to carry on with their daily routine anyway.', 'A man, whose body is almost completely covered in tattoos, is looking for the woman who drew all the intricate designs on him. Each tattoo hides a futuristic story, which you experience when you stare at it.::Cynan Rees <cynanrees@hotmail.com>']
['In an emotionless utopia, two people fall in love when they regain their feelings from a mysterious disease, causing tensions between them and their society.', 'A futuristic love story set in a world where emotions have been eradicated.::Nathan Parker', 'After a cataclysmic war sometime in the past, the survivors and their heirs have rebuilt themselves into what appears on the surface to be an idyllic, emotion-free utopia, designed to control the violent impulses which nearly destroyed them...no one exhibits individuality, everyone is equal and serves the collective good, and romantic couples, sex, and love itself no longer exist - procreation is now an in-office procedure selectively performed by purely artificial means. But there is trouble in paradise: suicides are happening at an alarming rate, and increasingly, citizens are being diagnosed with the "incurable" sickness of emotionality.::Mike Ferguson', 'An advanced society - the Collective - has emerged out of a Great War. Along with the technological advances are societal advances where emotions and feelings are switched off at birth to allow humans, devoid of any individuality, to focus on the greater good of society, especially in exploring the universe. Some humans can be afflicted with Switched-on-Syndrome (SOS) - thought not to be contagious - where those emotions and feelings begin to emerge, the ultimate manifestation of the disease being coupling. There are four distinct documented stages of SOS, and if one is able to survive stage 3 when thoughts of suicide emerge, one is ultimately subjected to a painless death in the worst cases of stage 4 as there is no known cure. Humans are to report signs in other of SOS and more importantly to recognize signs of it in oneself, in both cases the affected subjects sent to Health and Safety (H and S) for ultimate diagnosis and treatment. Silas, who has one of the more coveted jobs in the Collective as an illustrator at the educational research firm Atmos, begins to recognize the symptoms in himself, and at H and S, is diagnosed at stage 1 of SOS. In treatment at H and S, Silas meets Jonas, who is at stage 2 of the disease. Through Jonas, Silas meets a group of SOS sufferers who provide support to each other, most who neither deny or suppress to each other their want to experience these human feelings and emotions. Concurrently, Silas believes he sees in one of his coworkers, Nia, a writer, signs of SOS. He ultimately discovers that she indeed does suffer from SOS, and is a "hider", not disclosing these symptoms to anyone, let alone to H and S. Silas and Nia end up falling in love with each other, that love which feels right and not wrong as they were taught. Through the support group, Silas and Nia contemplate escaping to the Peninsula - the only known land mass that survived the war outside of the Collective control - their future there, if there is a future, uncertain. They have to balance these issues against the fact that a cure has been developed which would once again suppress their feelings for each other.::Huggo']
['A group of strangers struggle for survival aboard a spaceship heading to a distant planet.']
["An idealistic engineer builds his own island off the Italian coast and declares it a nation, drawing the world's attention. Values are tested when the Italian Government declares him an enemy, but to change the world risks must be taken.", 'In 1968, engineer Giorgio Rosa established the independent state called "The Isle of Roses" off the coast of Rimini, built on a platform outside the territorial waters, with Esperanto as the official language. The Italian authorities did not take it well because the micro nation was seen as an expedient to not pay taxes on the revenues obtained thanks to the arrival of numerous tourists and curious people.::yusufpiskin']
['After a plane crash, two opposing half-brothers find themselves on an amazing lost island where enlightened pacifist humans and intelligent talking dinosaurs have created a utopian medieval society. But imminent disaster approaches.', "Half-brothers Karl, a born rebel, and David, the more curious and scholarly of the two young men, are flying a small airplane over the ocean with their rich father. The plane gets caught in a storm and crash-lands near an uncharted island. Trapped in the sinking plane wreck, the father orders the boys to abandon him and save themselves. The two manage to swim safely to shore where they meet Cyrus, the local misanthropic pariah who holds a serious grudge against the islanders. He informs them that the island is called Dinotopia as both humans, who have reached spiritual, philosophical and intellectual enlightenment here a long time ago, and dinosaurs, who somehow survived here and evolved into sentient talking dinos with human intelligence, live there together in utopian pacifist harmony, save for the carnivores. The boys travel to the island's capital, where they meet Mayor Waldo and his disciplined, orderly, caring and quite lovely scholarly daughter, Marion, who along with the senate helps her father and her mother, Matriarch Rosemary, run the island in peace, love and understanding. She gladly agrees to show the boys around and introduce them to Dinotopia's peoples and culture. A young, friendly, overly enthusiastic, English-speaking dino-scholar and troodon named Zipeau also befriends the two and eagerly agrees to welcome them into his own home until they can find their place in this amazing society, mostly resembling a highly advances version of Europe's medieval civilization. However, once the boys' learn that there actually is no way off the island because of the underwater reefs and storms that surround it, their individualistic personalities quickly clash with the more collectivist mindset of the islanders. While rebellious Karl plans to leave the island no matter what and find out what happened to their father, David is much more open to the idea of joining the Dinotopian society but rather disagrees with their decision to have him join the skybax riders, a unit of elite Pteranodon fliers that represent Dinotopia's main defense force and are led by the no-nonsense air commander Oonu. However, Cyrus approaches Karl claiming that a way out does exist but only if he gets him the necessary artifacts to chart the course out of there. The boys also learn that the incredibly powerful Sunstones, which serve as Dinotopia's only real power source but also represent the only thing that's keeping the carnivores away, are failing all over the island and only the forbidden ancient ruins of underwater dino temple may hold the key to Dinotopia's salvation.::Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net>"]
['Another 26-chapter anthology that showcases death in all its vicious wonder and brutal beauty.']
['Railroad executive Dagny Taggart and steel mogul Henry Rearden form an alliance to fight the increasingly authoritarian government of the United States.', 'It was great to be alive, once, but the world was perishing. Factories were shutting down, transportation was grinding to a halt, granaries were empty--and key people who had once kept it running were disappearing all over the country. As the lights winked out and the cities went cold, nothing was left to anyone but misery. No one knew how to stop it, no one understood why it was happening - except one woman, the operating executive of a once mighty transcontinental railroad, who suspects the answer may rest with a remarkable invention and the man who created it - a man who once said he would stop the motor of the world. Everything now depends on finding him and discovering the answer to the question on the lips of everyone as they whisper it in fear: Who *is* John Galt?::Robb', 'In the near future, financial success is considered to be politically incorrect. It is felt that people should work for the common good, not personal gain. As more corporations are forced to close because of ridiculous anti-competition laws, the rich and brilliant entrepreneurs in the country begin to vanish. Dagny Taggart, one of the last remaining "successful" people, struggles to run her railroad company in this time of industrial collapse. She faces more and more difficulty at every turn, and finally begins to search for those missing captains of industry.::Alex', 'Due to an energy crisis the world economy is in turmoil. In the midst of the crisis a railroad company forms a partnership with a steel company whose new alloy could revolutionise every industry it touches. The railroad\'s biggest client is a Colorado oil company that will substantially benefit from the railroad\'s new line. However, rivals of the oil company are determined to undermine it wherever they can, using corrupt politicians to hamstring its operation and efficiency. Under the façade of "public interest" government officials go out of their way to sabotage the success of private enterprise. Moreover, who is John Galt?::grantss']
["When a revered diplomat's plane is diverted and crashes in the peaks of Tibet, he and the other survivors are guided to an isolated monastery at Shangri-La, where they wrestle with the invitation to stay.", 'British diplomat Robert Conway and a small group of civilians crash land in the Himalayas, and are rescued by the people of the mysterious, Eden-like valley of Shangri-la. Protected by the mountains from the world outside, where the clouds of World War II are gathering, Shangri-la provides a seductive escape for the world-weary Conway.::Marg Baskin <marg@asd.raytheon.ca>', 'In 1935, seasoned diplomat Robert Conway is sent to rescue a group of British nationals who find themselves in China the midst of a rebellion. Conway manages to get them all out and also to escape with his brother George and several others on the last airplane only to find that they are being flown far into the Himalayas. They eventually find themselves in Shangri-La, a Tibetan monastery in a beautiful mountain valley. It soon becomes clear that they are not there by chance and that were in fact kidnapped. Conway and his fellow travelers are keen on leaving but slowly, they all come to appreciate their new surroundings. Everyone that is except George Conway who is desperate to leave. As Robert learns the true secret of Shangri-La and his reason for being there, he is faced with having to leave in order to protect his brother who will be setting off with or without him.::garykmcd', 'Brit Robert Conway is a writer, humanitarian, diplomat, and former military man, all of which have made him a public hero. But he is remarkably unfulfilled in his life, something he does not tell anyone. On March 10, 1935, he is in Baskul, China, where a violent revolution is taking place. It is his job to evacuate the ninety British subjects in the area, before he himself heads back to London to become British Foreign Secretary. He is able to complete the evacuation, with him, his overly pragmatic brother George Conway, paleontologist Alexander Lovett (a fussbudget of a man), secretive Henry Barnard (who later states why he is so secretive about himself), and terminally ill American Gloria Stone his fellow passengers on the last flight out. What they are initially unaware of is that the plane has been hijacked, and eventually crash lands high in the Himalayas, killing the hijacking pilot. But instead of what seems a probable death for them, they are rescued by a band of men who take them back to their community hidden behind the mountains, a seemingly Utopian community named Shangrila, where the overall belief is to be kind. Aging is also a seemingly unknown concept. Each of the five has different feelings about their new sanctuary, where they eventually learn they were not brought by accident. On one end of the spectrum is George, who does whatever he can to get back to civilization as he knows it, despite the probable hardship of doing so, especially since there is no means of communication in and out. He believes what they have been told are all lies and that they are being held prisoners against their will. On the other end is Bob, who believes that Shangrila is exactly what he\'s been looking for in life. With no proof one way or another, the five have differing views of staying in Shangrila forever or trying to make their way out. It may be not until they receive that "proof" that a definitive decision can be made, but by that time it may be too late for some.::Huggo', 'On 10 March 1935, the pacifist British diplomat and future Foreign Secretary Robert Conway helps a group of ninety Westerns white people to escape from the Chinese city of Baskul after the beginning of a revolution. He leaves the airport in the last plane with his brother George, the geologist Alexander P. Lovett, the rogue trader Henry Barnard and the sick and bitter Gloria Stone. However, the plane is skyjacked and crashes in a remote area in Tibet. When they have no further hope of surviving, they are rescued and brought to the utopistic paradise Shangri-La, a peaceful and plentiful place without illness, war or any type of dispute. Their first sensation is that they are prisoners but along the days, each survivor loves and has no intention to leave the place except George that tries to convince the group to leave Shangri-la.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil']
['In 1960, a lone survivor of a plane crash named Jack discovers an abandoned underwater utopia, only to find out that the mystery behind its creation is much more sinister than he first believed.', 'The year is 1960, while flying over the Atlantic ocean, average citizen Jack blacks out and awakens to discover that he is the sole survivor of a plane crash. Amidst the wreckage of his plane Jack spots and swims to a lighthouse and boards a Bathysphere that takes him deep within the ocean and into Rapture. Originally conceived as a utopia where a man would be entitled to all that he made without the interference of "parasites" by idealistic billionaire mogul Andrew Ryan. Rapture has since decayed and festered from the infectious effects of civil war and anarchy, brought about by the very ideals it citizens and it\'s leader embrace. Aided by a sympathetic smuggler and a rogue geneticist, Jack salvages gene altering chemicals transforming himself into a superhuman, and uses his newfound powers and abilities as well as an arsenal of weapons to fend off the vicious hordes of psychotic mutants, security robots and armored supersoldiers that resulted from Rapture\'s unrest while given the choice to either rescue or lethally harvest the genetic material from Rapture\'s only citizens with a chance: the 10 year old "Little Sisters". As Jack wanders through the condemning atmosphere of rapture, he treads towards a secret that could shatter all that he has known forever.::redcommander27']
['A man is sent to the flying city of Columbia to find a missing girl. However, upon arrival he discovers that the city, its people, and his objective are all not what they seem.', 'The year is 1912, deep in debt, ex-Pinkerton agent Booker DeWitt is sent to the mysterious flying city of Columbia to find and retrieve a young woman imprisoned in a tower since birth - Elizabeth and to "Bring us the girl and wipe away the debt". However, almost as soon as Booker arrives, he finds that Columbia and its people are not quite what they seem, and all too soon science, religion, morality, family and life all clash and spiral down into utter chaos, with Booker and Elizabeth as unlikely partners in the midst of all the action.::Paddington']
['Adam Curtis explains how, at a time of confusing and inexplicable world events, politicians and the people they represent have retreated in to a damaging over-simplified version of what is happening.', 'HyperNormalisation tells the extraordinary story of how we got to this strange time of great uncertainty and confusion - where those who are supposed to be in power are paralysed - and have no idea what to do. And, where events keep happening that seem inexplicable and out of control - from Donald Trump to Brexit, the War in Syria, the endless migrant crisis, and random bomb attacks. It explains not only why these chaotic events are happening - but also why we, and our politicians, cannot understand them. The film shows that what has happened is that all of us in the West - not just the politicians and the journalists and the experts, but we ourselves - have retreated into a simplified, and often completely fake version of the world. But because it is all around us, we accept it as normal. From BBCiPlayer']
['A family moves to a suburban town only to be coerced into joining a suspicious club.', 'A scientist and his family move to a new town. He meets the local celebrity the beautiful who runs the local health club to which everyone is a member and makes him suspicious. Intrigued he investigates further and uncovers a terrifying plot.::beerbohm', 'When a family moves to a suburban California neighborhood, everything is going great. The neighbors are nice, the neighborhood is clean, and there is a local health spa close to their house that everyone in the town belongs to. At first they consider joining it until their neighbors and co-workers hassle them constantly for not doing it right away. They start to get a little suspicious towards why they are so interested in them joining, but not the point where they think something is wrong. The wife and kids are up for it, but the dad is skeptical and fears a bit of evil in the spa. Is the dad just a little superstitious or is the spa really a Invitation to Hell?::Kyle <Kyleshivers@aol.com>', 'When the scientist and family man Matt Winslow finally accepts the invitation to work the Micro-Digitech Corporation in a space suit project, he moves with his beloved wife Patricia and their son Robbie and daughter Chrissy to a huge modern house in the corporation compound. They meet their friend Tom Peterson and his family completely adapted to the new lifestyle, and Tom invites the Winslow family to join the Steaming Springs Country Club. Tom tries to seduce Matt telling him that every member of the club has a meteoric professional ascension in Micro-Digitech, but Matt is not tempted with the offer. Later he is introduced to the director of the club, Jessica Jones that befriends Patricia and convinces her to join the club with her children. Matt feels the changing in the behavior of his family and decides to investigate the club, finding an evil secret about Jessica and the members.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil']
['The seniors return to Earth to visit their relatives. Will they all decide to go back to the planet where no one grows old, or will they be tempted to stay back on Earth?', "Art, Ben and Joe are back! So are their wives and good friend Bernie in their first adventure since their last! Five years since the senior citizens blasted off into space with the Antareans return to earth because their alien friends have to collect the rest of the cocoons in the ocean, believed to be in danger from an earthquake. Ben and Mary visit their family, while Art and Joe visit Bernie, who's still hangin' on. Art, Ben and Joe had forgotten what it was like on earth and immediately begin to feel their weaknesses, except for Art's wife who's pregnant! Meanwhile in the ocean, a biologist company snatched a cocoon out of the ocean and are doing research on it...::Dylan Self <robocoptng986127@aol.com>"]
['While escaping war-torn China, a group of Europeans crash in the Himalayas, where they are rescued and taken to the mysterious Valley of the Blue Moon, Shangri-La.', 'While escaping war-torn China, a group of Europeans crash in the Himalayas, where they are rescued and taken to the mysterious Valley of the Blue Moon, Shangri-La. Hidden from the rest of the world, Shangri-La is a haven of peace and tranquility for world-weary diplomat Richard Conway. His ambitious brother, George, sees it as a prison from which he must escape, even if it means risking his life and bringing destruction to the ancient culture of Shangri-La.::Marg Baskin <marg@asd.raytheon.ca>', "Producer Ross Hunter's ill-fated musical remake about a group of passengers aboard a downed aeroplane in the Himalayas, and their discovery of a fabled land where no one grows old, known as Shangri-la. Hidden away and lost' to the rest of the world, Shangri-La's a place of peace and tranquility but to some of the passengers who feel they must escape, it would risk bringing destruction to the ancient sanctuary.::Huggo"]
['Kenichi and his uncle Shunsaku Ban must find the mystery behind robot girl Tima.', "Metropolis is a visually stunning, rich, and memorable pleasure. It's contributors have brought us other classics such as Astroboy and Akira. The story takes place in the muti-leveled, fascinating, megalopolis called Metropolis. Metropolis is loosely ruled by Duke Red, who is close to presenting his ultimate work, an advanced AI robot girl named Tima. His son; however, is an opponent of AI and resents Tima. Tima finds herself deep within the labyrinth of Meteoplolis. She befriends the kind son of a police officer and begins exploring her new world. When Duke Red's son separates this new friendship, he puts much more at risk than anyone thought possible.::Seeslee", "Metropolis is a story of how important emotions are and how they separate humans from everything else. The movie follows a young boy and his uncle (a private investigator). The story is set in the far future where humans and robots live together, unfortunately not in harmony. Many robots are forced underground and are terminated for entering unauthorized areas. They are more or less servants to humankind. The plot starts to unfold when the boy meets a robot named Tima and they get in all kinds of trouble. Never a dull moment when you've got a robot by your side.::ReemeR <reemer@fmail.co.uk>"]
['Travelers are stranded in the Bermuda Triangle. On an island, they meet Varian, a man from the future, and Liana, an Atlantean. Together, they journey through different worlds, in hopes of returning home.', 'A scientific expedition in the Atlantic Ocean becomes lost in the Bermuda Triangle and washes up on an uncharted island. They meet up with travellers from other times, planets, and dimensions who have also become trapped, and together they "slide" through portals from one dimension to the next hoping to find the one that leads home.::Marty McKee <mmckee@wkio.com>']
['When scientists use eco-terrorism to impose their will on the world by affecting extremes in the weather, Intelligence Chief Cramden calls in top agent Derek Flint.', "The world's weather seems to have changed dramatically with violent storms everywhere and long dormant volcanoes suddenly erupting. No one is sure what is happening or why but when American intelligence chief Cramden loses yet another team of agents, there appears to be only one man who can do the job: Derek Flint, former super spy, incredibly rich and the ultimate ladies man. Despite Cramden's concerns, Flint is on the job and soon discovers that the Earth's weather is under the control of a secret organization known as GALAXY whose scientists are looking to pacify the world and devote humankind to scientific pursuits.::garykmcd", 'When the intelligence agencies of the world find that their agents are being murdered at an alarming rate their leaders all write out the qualities an agent will need to succede against the terrible crisis they are facing. Derick Flint is the only agent with all the qualities, but his old boss refuses to work with him until ordered to by the president. Flint is the worlds greatest secret agent, worlds greatest lover, an expert on electronics and Dolphin speech and goes to Moscow for Ballet (To Teach!) When attempts on his life are made, Flint begins to search out the mad scientists who want to remake the world after taking over with the aid of their earthquake machine.::John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net>']
['In a futuristic totalitarian utopian society, babies are created through genetic engineering, everyone has a predestined place in society and their minds are conditioned to follow the rules. A tragic outsider jeopardizes the status quo.']
['The show serves as a sequel to Dinotopia (2002) and adds a new threat to the world of Dinotopia in the form of outlaws knows as the Outsiders, as well as more dinos.']
